ERROR: UNEXPECTED CHARACTER
ERROR: FATAL COMPILER ERROR
ERROR: PROGRAM COMPOUND STATEMENT AT START
ERROR: UNEXPECTED END COMPOUND STATEMENT
ERROR: AFTER END COMPOUND STATEMENT
ERROR: PARSING VARIABLE LIST
ERROR: UNKNOWN STATE IN COMPILER
ERROR: INVALID DECLARATION TYPE
ERROR: NO LEFT BRACKET ON EXPRESSION
ERROR: NO RIGHT BRACKET ON EXPRESSION
ERROR: BAD START OF STATEMENT
ERROR: NO LEFT BRACKET ON ARG LIST
ERROR: NO RIGHT BRACKET ON ARG LIST
ERROR: NO SEMICOLON AFTER EXPRESSION
ERROR: PARSING ASSIGNMENT STATEMENT
ERROR:CANNOT ASSIGN A VALUE TO THE LEFT-SIDE OF THIS STATEMENT.
ERROR: BAD CONSTANT TYPE
ERROR: IDENTIFIER LIST FULL
ERROR: NON-INTEGER ID FOR INTEGER CONSTANT
ERROR: NON FLOAT ID FOR FLOAT CONSTANT
ERROR: NON STRING ID FOR STRING CONSTANT
ERROR: VARIABLE ALREADY USED WITHIN SCOPE
ERROR: VARIABLE DEFINED WITHOUT TYPE
ERROR: INCORRECT VARIABLE STATE LEFT ON STACK
ERROR: NON INTEGER EXPRESSION WHERE INTEGER REQUIRED
ERROR: VOID EXPRESSION WHERE NON VOID REQUIRED
ERROR: INVALID PARAMETERS FOR ASSIGNMENT
ERROR: DECLARATION DOES NOT MATCH PARAMETERS
ERROR: LOGICAL OPERATION HAS INVALID OPERANDS
ERROR: EQUALITY TEST HAS INVALID OPERANDS
ERROR: COMPARISON TEST HAS INVALID OPERANDS
ERROR: SHIFT OPERATION HAS INVALID OPERANDS
ERROR: ARITHMETIC OPERATION HAS INVALID OPERANDS
ERROR: UNKNOWN OPERATION IN SEMANTIC CHECK
ERROR: SCRIPT TOO LARGE
ERROR: RETURN STATEMENT HAS NO PARAMETERS
ERROR: NO WHILE AFTER DO KEYWORD
ERROR: FUNCTION DEFINITION MISSING NAME
ERROR: FUNCTION DEFINITION MISSING PARAMETER LIST
ERROR: MALFORMED PARAMETER LIST
ERROR: BAD TYPE SPECIFIER
ERROR: NO SEMICOLON AFTER STRUCTURE
ERROR: ELLIPSIS IN IDENTIFIER
ERROR: FILE NOT FOUND
ERROR: INCLUDE RECURSIVE
ERROR: INCLUDE TOO MANY LEVELS
ERROR: PARSING RETURN STATEMENT
ERROR: PARSING IDENTIFIER LIST
ERROR: PARSING FUNCTION DECLARATION
ERROR: DUPLICATE FUNCTION IMPLEMENTATION
ERROR: TOKEN TOO LONG
ERROR: UNDEFINED STRUCTURE
ERROR: LEFT OF STRUCTURE PART NOT STRUCTURE
ERROR: RIGHT OF STRUCTURE PART NOT FIELD IN STRUCTURE
ERROR: UNDEFINED FIELD IN STRUCTURE
ERROR: STRUCTURE REDEFINED
ERROR: VARIABLE USED TWICE IN SAME STRUCTURE
ERROR: FUNCTION IMPLEMENTATION AND DEFINTITION DIFFER
ERROR: MISMATCHED TYPES
ERROR: INTEGER NOT AT TOP OF STACK
ERROR: RETURN TYPE AND FUNCTION TYPE MISMATCHED
ERROR: NOT ALL CONTROL PATHS RETURN A VALUE
ERROR: UNDEFINED IDENTIFIER
ERROR: NO FUNCTION MAIN() IN SCRIPT
ERROR: FUNCTION MAIN() MUST HAVE A VOID RETURN VALUE
ERROR: FUNCTION MAIN() MUST HAVE NO PARAMETERS
ERROR: NON VOID FUNCTION CANNOT BE A STATEMENT
ERROR: BAD VARIABLE NAME
ERROR: NON OPTIONAL PARAMETER CANNOT FOLLOW OPTIONAL PARAMETER
ERROR: TYPE DOES NOT HAVE AN OPTIONAL PARAMETER
ERROR: NON CONSTANT IN FUNCTION DECLARATION
ERROR: PARSING CONSTANT VECTOR
ERROR: OPERAND MUST BE AN INTEGER LVALUE
ERROR: CONDITIONAL REQUIRES SECOND EXPRESSION
ERROR: CONDITIONAL MUST HAVE MATCHING RETURN TYPES
ERROR: MULTIPLE DEFAULT STATEMENTS WITHIN SWITCH
ERROR: MULTIPLE CASE CONSTANT STATEMENTS WITHIN SWITCH
ERROR: CASE PARAMETER NOT A CONSTANT INTEGER
ERROR: SWITCH MUST EVALUATE TO AN INTEGER
ERROR: NO COLON AFTER DEFAULT LABEL
ERROR: NO COLON AFTER CASE LABEL
ERROR: NO SEMICOLON AFTER STATEMENT
ERROR: BREAK OUTSIDE OF LOOP OR CASE STATEMENT
ERROR: TOO MANY PARAMETERS ON FUNCTION
ERROR: UNABLE TO OPEN FILE FOR WRITING
ERROR: UNTERMINATED STRING CONSTANT
ERROR: NO FUNCTION STARTINGCONDITIONAL() IN SCRIPT
ERROR: FUNCTION STARTINGCONDITIONAL() MUST HAVE AN INT RETURN VALUE
ERROR: FUNCTION STARTINGCONDITIONAL() MUST HAVE NO PARAMETERS
ERROR:  SKIPPING DECLARATION VIA *cod6*case*cod6* STATEMENT DISALLOWED.
ERROR:  SKIPPING DECLARATION VIA *cod6*default*cod6* STATEMENT DISALLOWED.
ERROR:  *cod6*else*cod6* WITHOUT *cod6*if*cod6* STATEMENT.
ERROR: TOO MANY INSTRUCTIONS
ERROR: TOO MANY LEVELS OF RECURSION
ERROR: FILE NOT OPENED
ERROR: FILE NOT COMPILED SUCCESSFULLY
ERROR: INVALID AUX CODE
ERROR: NULL VIRTUAL MACHINE NODE
ERROR: STACK OVERFLOW
ERROR: STACK UNDERFLOW
ERROR: INVALID OP CODE
ERROR: INVALID EXTRA DATA ON OP CODE
ERROR: INVALID COMMAND
ERROR: FAKE SHORTCUT LOGICAL OPERATION
ERROR: DIVIDE BY ZERO
ERROR: FAKE ABORT SCRIPT
ERROR: IP OUT OF CODE SEGMENT
ERROR: COMMAND IMPLEMENTER NOT SET
ERROR: UNKNOWN TYPE ON RUN TIME STACK
Please click to begin / Por favor click para começar
New game / Novo Jogo
Load Game / Carregar
Download new content. / Baixar novo conteúdo. 
Play Mini-games / Mini-jogos
Gallery / Galeria
Options / Opções
Select / Selecionar
Warning: Current progress will be lost!  Load game *cod6**cod7**cod9**cod8**cod6*? / Cuidado: Progesso atuaL será perdido!  Carregar
Campaign progress in this save game will be lost.  Delete game *cod6**cod7**cod9**cod8**cod6*? / O progresso salvo dessa campanha será perdido.  Apagar jogo
OK
Cancel / Cancelar
New Game? / Novo Jogo?
You have no saved games. / Você não tem jogos salvos.
Save game *cod6**cod7**cod9**cod8**cod6*? / Jogo salvo
Empty Slot / Espaço Vazio
Are you sure you want to overwrite *cod7**cod9**cod8*? / Você tem certeza que deseja sobreescrever
Save Game / Jogo Salvo
Change the Audio Settings (Music Volume, FX Volume, etc.). / Mudar Definições de Audio ( Volume da Musica, Volume do FX, etc.)
Change Video Settings. / Mudar Definições de Video
Change Gameplay Settings (Difficulty, Force Feedback, etc.). / Mudar Definições de Jogabilidade
Audio Settings / Definições de Audio
Video Settings / Definições de Video
Gameplay Settings / Definições de Jogabilidade
Sound Effects: (*cod7**cod9**cod8*%) / Efeitos Sonoros
Music: (*cod7**cod9**cod8*%) / Musica:
Movie: (*cod7**cod9**cod8*%) / Filme:
Voice: (*cod7**cod9**cod8*%) / Voz: 
Change the volume of explosions, background noises, fight sounds, etc. / Mudar o volume das explosões, Barulhos de plano de fundo, sons da luta, etc.
Change the volume of the music. / Mudar o voluma da música.
Change the volume of pre-rendered movies. / Mudar o volume dos filmes pré-renderizados.
Change the volume of conversations. / Mudar o volume das conversas
Letterbox Movies / Visualizar Filmes
Letterbox Conversation / Visualizar Conversas
Allow movies to be played in Letterbox mode. / Permite que os filmes sejam executados no modo de Vizualização.
Allow conversations to happen in Letterbox mode. / Permite as conversas no modo de Vizualização. 
On / Ligado
Off / Desligado
Difficulty / Dificuldade
Feedback
Control / Controle
Adjust the difficulty of various game modes. / Ajusta a dificuldade de varios modos de jogo
Edit controller vibration, gore, and subtitle options. / Edita controle de vibração, sangue, e opções de leganda.
Change input options. / Mudar Opções de entrada.
Combat / Combate
TEMP: INC Difficulty
Adjust the difficulty of your opponents during combat.
TEMP: Adjust the difficulty of the interactive cutscenes (INC).
Very Easy
Student
Master
Grand Master
Very Hard
Mini-game
Control the difficulty of the mini-games.
Brightness Control
Increase and decrease the brightness of the game.
Move Display
Plot NPC
Subtitles
Display statistics about your attacks in combat mode.
Select the level of information displayed about combat styles.
Indicate important characters with a plot-giver icon.
Display subtitles for spoken dialog.
Default
Target Right
Alternate Config
HEAD CAM
Custom Setup
Default Setup for Jade Empire*cod2*Press OK to select this scheme
RESET CAMERA
Alternate Setup for Jade Empire*cod2*Press OK to select this scheme
Target Left
Define your own control scheme.*cod2*A to modify controls*cod2*X  Saves*cod2*B  Cancels
Unable to load Saved Game (cannot read file). Press OK to continue.
COMBAT
MOVEMENT
START MENU
KICK
PUNCH
Journal
UNASSIGNED
ACTION
CANCEL/BACK
Block
Chi Strike
Focus
Audio Menu
Video Menu
Save
Load
TITLE MENU
GAMEPLAY MENU
Difficulty Menu
Combat Controller Setup
Feedback Menu
MAIN MENU
Silver
Character Selection
Name:
Style:
Mind:
Body:
Spirit:
Furious *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Boxer *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Tiger *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Panther *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Monk *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Scholar *cod7**cod9**cod8*
*cod7**cod9**cod8* the Prodigy
*cod7**cod9**cod8* the Lotus Blossom
Zhu
Mai
Jiang
Gefu
Mi
Scholar Ling
H'san
Zhiang
100-Pip Fist
Leaping Tiger Style
Willow
Balanced
Random
Shift
Symbols
Done
Enter your name:
Backspace
Delete
Pillar
Don't act like it's a surprise. Lots of people speak it, although I suppose it is concentrated mostly in the Prosperous East.
Tiger Shen
Yun
Furious Ming
Monk Zeng
Li
Lu
Wu
ERROR: IF CONDITION CANNOT BE FOLLOWED BY A NULL STATEMENT
ERROR: INVALID TYPE FOR CONST KEYWORD
ERROR: CONST KEYWORD CANNOT BE USED ON NON GLOBAL VARIABLES
ERROR: INVALID VALUE ASSIGNED TO CONSTANT
Character View
Fox Spirit
Given Name:
Warrior Name:
Character
A:Change Button  B:Save *cod1* Exit    Up/Down: Change Action
Yes... I suppose I'll have to face her eventually. And I should be safe, if you're with me. Okay, let's go.
Let's go see Ai Ling and sort this out.
Nervous Dun Ding
Find Doctor An
Get Carter
Rock the World
Locate Elvis impersonator Carter Syphin and Return him to the king.
Get the Air Guitar of Power and use it to defend the castle from the boy bands.
Locate and Kill the mofo Carter
Use the Air Guitar of Power to smash open the heads of Ozzy's Family.
Locate Carter
Locate Air Guitar
Give Shibbled Quintsey to Dolfernad
Attack Fionians.
LT:Prev - D-pad:Move Cursor - B:Cancel - RT:Next
Primary Quests
Side Quests
Description
Tasks
TEMP: I am a very very long string of epic and galactic proportions. Once I was short but then on my birthday I grew really long and now I am the longest string in this String Table. My sole purpose in life is to test the Chapter Screen and I can be removed and/or changed to something else later because I am essentially useless except for being really really long. This one time at Band Camp I killed a hooker but she wasnt really dead and now she haunts my mind like a ghost of some sort. In fact just the other night she was in my room while I was asleep and took pictures of me and put them on the internet and I was afraid and I may never sleep again ever ever.
Continue
Chi Heal
Please reconnect the controller and press START to continue.
What is there to say? She tells me that she is feeling much better. If you wish to face her, I will allow it.
Ah, there you are, my student. I watched your bout against Jing Woo with great pride. You have gained almost all you can from the practice arena.
Fisherman
I'm sure you will tell me what I need to know, Master.
It's good to give due consideration to your choice. Once you start to use a real weapon, you get used to its particular balance very quickly.
You have met the ghost of Miss Chan. She is crying for her lost baby, and she will not rest until it is found.
You're adept enough to pick up other weapons later, but this is your first real weapon, so I want you to have the right one.
[From here it's obvious that if you close the dam again, the ruins will flood fairly quickly and you would no longer be able to reach the old Tien's Landing site.]
Townsquare
You are intrigued by the secretive prize I am offering to whoever can beat Kia Min's record, but she cannot compete while injured.
Girl
Peasant Woman
Peasant Man
I recall that, as a child, you fell and bruised your arm. I comforted you, saying that small pains are part of learning. But not every setback imparts wisdom. You must be careful.
Boy
Bearded Tongue Grass Poultice
A medicinal poultice designed to accelerate the healing of wounds. This poultice is infused with extract of red silk grass, a powerful herb that hastens recovery by binding the wounded flesh together.*cod2*
Red Silk Grass Poultice
A medicinal poultice designed to accelerate the healing of wounds. This poultice is infused with extract of red silk grass, a powerful herb that hastens recovery by binding the wounded flesh together.
Door
Ah, you are back. I hope this unfortunate matter with the bandits has not caused undue stress. Some good people were lost, but many were saved.
It is done! The challenge has concluded and the winner is clear.
No! I am not finished!
You need more discord in your heart to use this gem.
Gao! I have made enough concessions to you today! I thought I could guide you away from your corrupted path, but you are too much the son of Gao the Greater!
You are no longer welcome among my students, and your father's house shall have no more business here, despite his influence.
I was not beaten! Not by this peasant!
Courtesan
Life went on, but no word ever came from the Imperial city. No warning, no explanation. Did we displease the Emperor? Or were we just beneath his notice? I will never know.
True, they weren't underwater for a while. For some reason the Great Dam was opened, and the lake drained. But now that the Great Dam is closed, the water is back.
Sailor
You're not the first who didn't want to listen to me. I'm sure you won't be the last.
Beggar
First Brother Kai
Dockworker
The discord in your heart rejects this gem.
Urchin
End Conversation
Use the Xbox Live to download new game content.
Start a new game.
Load a previously saved game.
Play an unlocked mini-game.
Stance History Page
AND
Gem is hidden behind wall. Go down path and you see. Assassins gots rockets set up. They getting ready to blow up wall with rockets.
Yes, yes. But rockets need dragon powder. Lotus Assassins always gots dragon powder handy. Good for blowing stuff up. Look around their camp and you find it.
You get dragon powder and use rockets to blow up wall. When wall is gone, you go look for gem. Gem is behind wall, somewhere. You just search around.
Better question: Why should demon trust you? But you listen good now. Rat demon knows lots of things.
Lost Spirit
Go on, get out of here.
You're an evil demon. I must destroy you.
I think I'll kill you anyway.
OR
TEMP: I am a Waypoint.
TEMP: I am also a waypoint, too, as well.
View the gallery.
View audio, video, and gameplay options.
Available Points:
Master Radiant
A rat always flashes his fangs when backed into a corner.
Spirit Realm
Scholar Kongyu
Heaven
Red Lion Figurine
Ah, I see the glint of intelligence, nobility, wisdom, consideration, and piety in your eye! A fine day to you! What can I sell you?
So I should use the rockets to blow up the wall?
Sounds like a trap. I better kill just kill you.
Yellow Lion Figurine
Well, I make my living by knowing people. I can clearly see that you are of the finest sort. That is to say, the sort with silver ready in hand.
Can I interest you in some seed? What about a pitchfork? I have hay, as well.
Good, I have better things to do than to stand around here.
Commoner
Abomination
No! I mean, there is safety of a sort here. We have had refuge here so far, and the paths below are far from safe.
It is best that we stay here. Surely you will find a way to destroy the murderous fox.
Is there any way we could lead these people to safety?
Warp
Your concept of honor is outdated too. Finish a dog when he's down.
Mister Ren at Rest
You are my best pupil, though you came to me an orphan. I have tried to prepare you for the responsibility your skills will bring. Have you given thought to your future?
Your lessons are complete. Remember these basic skills and keep them at heart, but also remember that classes are not a true measure of ability. Always be ready to learn.
There will be a time for that later. I have kept you hungry for information, but you must trust that my reasons are valid. It is for your benefit that I do this.
I want to ask some questions.
Your words mean nothing! You are a murderer, a killer! Gao was everything to me, and now he is gone!
I will only allow such a contest when her wounds are healed. Kia Min has always been handy with herbs, maybe she knows some way you could help her.
Yes, and the students are on edge from the bandit attack. It would do them good to work some of that out.
Lion head token
You were defeated by your own foolish ambition and predictable temper. I will speak with you in my chambers about your expulsion. Go now!
It is a shame about Kia Min. She holds the record for the most opponents defeated in my little training challenge. No one can challenge her record while she is injured.
You could match it, but with Kia Min injured, there aren't enough students free to beat it. You will have to wait until she is healed to challenge the record.
A Mournful Ghost
This is the realm of the Forest Shadow, my mistress. It is her piece of heaven.
Everyone! This challenge is concluded. I'm sure the victor would appreciate your congratulations. They are well earned.
Ah, there you are. Have you finished all your business with your fellow students? I expect our next conversation to change a great many things. You should be ready.
Who let you back here? It's bad enough I must work with incompetents. I don't need you walking through my kitchen!
You really shouldn't be here. Mister Teh does not like others to observe him working.
Unless, eh, pretty lady, you have come to take me from this existence of pain with your considerable charms.
Yeah, me too. Okay, Mister Teh?
Step back, Mister Wong. You just... step back.
Do thugs like you think you can just walk back here for food anytime? If I wanted *human* interaction, I'd have a kiosk in the square! Or maybe a trough.
Why a trough? We don't feed the animals, Mister Teh. That's handled by the farmers.
Oh, again you are here. What is it now? Maybe you need directions? I have a few for you, that's for sure.
Don't trust him. His directions usually start out friendly but end up with a spatula in someone's nose. Why would anyone want to know how to do that?
Thank you, Mister Wong. Thank you for over-explaining the intricacies of my wit. Implied threats are ever so much more effective when they are no longer implied!
What is this, the third time you've bothered me? Go tell the customers in the teahouse their food will be late because of someone's nosy tour.
He doesn't really mean that. I mean, if everyone showed up in town, sure, there would be some delay, but most people eat at home, you know?
Mister Wong... you are an imbecile.
You again? I really don't have time for you. How about you come back in a week. Maybe a season would be good.
We can talk while we cut the vegetables, Mister Teh. We can make time if they need something.
Mister Wong... I hate you.
Oh, more interruptions. Look, I don't have any work, I don't need anything fetched, and I don't have any lost relatives for you to rescue!
You said your nephew was lost. You don't want help finding him?
Lost cause, Mister Wong, I said he was a lost cause. The boy was spoiled by my sister and.... Why am I telling you this? Just... go away.
Did I not just speak with you? I have no patience for this. I am not here to amuse you.
And yet you are so often funny. Thank you for your levity, Mister Teh.
Shut up, Mister Wong.
Ah, another fine joke. I love them all.
She won't bother him anymore. She's dead.
It ain't easy being a dock worker. We don't get paid much, but we sure earn it!
We oughta form a guild. Everyone else has them, why not us?
Now that the pirates are gone, things are getting back to normal.
Ain't been no work down here on the dock since the dam opened.
Sure, the dam is closed. But with them pirates out there, we still got no work.
Kang
Silk Fox
I wish that I had another dozen fighters who could rise through the ranks with your alacricity!
I will not dishonor you with a pairing to those who cannot match your skill. In time someone will come along, but I suspect your equal will not be manifestering any time soon.
You meditate and restore your Focus.
Hou
Sky
Dawn Star
Chai Ka
TEST - Louie's Magic Thumbscrews
A polite response from one of you strangers? Go on, don't waste your respect on me. I'm no high minister, I just cook.
Me? There is nothing to know about me. I cook for ungrateful people who do not understand what good food is.
Your palate is very sophisticated, Mister Teh. Some say your dishes are... er... acquired tastes.
No. No, I am quite certain that the problem is with the customers. If you wish to keep your position, Mister Wong, you will smile and nod.
Mister Wong is here to cut the vegetables and heft the rice bags. His job does not include criticizing the menu. I am the head chef. He is nothing.
But I am learning. I will train hard to become the best chef I can.
There is a small chance he could become slightly more than nothing, but I have seen no sign of it as yet. Some people are heroes; some merely clap as heroes walk by.
Good. I need to concentrate on the menu. You want to eat, you'll leave me alone.
Then go walk around it. I do not waste my time collecting rumors. Everybody eats. That is all I need to know.
The spirit world? You are talking about stories for children. I believe what I see. If I see it, it is real. Very simple.
If you want some deeper discussion than that, go to a temple. Me, I will stay here and cook for the living.
I hear stories just like everyone else, but they are always told by some scared farmer who wouldn't know the wind from a howl. I believe what I see. That's enough.
Yazhen
Perhaps not, but I have little patience for the rules of so-called polite society. They only increase the time I must spend away from my work.
You see, Mister Wong? That is how we are regarded, dogs to be brushed aside. Talk like that will not get you a meal at the best of times.
This place is... strange. The Guardian says not to worry, but... I hear things here. I don't know what they are.
This place... there are spirits. The Guardian can hear them, and I can too, but there is something else... like the sound of the ocean. Voices.
The mists here hold voices... coming from below. They're too quiet though... Old. In the stones and the mist.
No, it's... it's different. It's like listening to the wind while people are yelling at you. The Guardian says... he says not to ask.
I did not mean to disturb you.
I want to ask something about you.
You are very harsh with your assistant.
I'm leaving now.
I need information about Tien's Landing.
What do you know about the spirit world?
You don't believe in spirits?
He says it doesn't matter who they are... who they were. He says *cod6*They are not under Heaven.*cod6* He doesn't want to say anything more.
That is not an appropriate greeting, cook.
You will show me the proper respect, dog!
Go ask them yourselves, if you want to know more. Hapless Han's faced more than a few of them too, if you want his perspicacions.
I can't speak with you. Mister Teh is very strict with his apprentices.
Everyone gets used to Mister Teh's dishes eventually. They are very... complex.
Mister Teh keeps the kitchen well-stocked with... exotic ingredients. I'm sure they are all delicacies somewhere.
Wait. Before we go any further, I think we need to talk about a few things.
I agree!
What is that child doing here? Can she not spare us a moment's peace from her prattle?
So this is the lair of the enemy? We are really going inside... wait. I should say something. If only....
Wait!
Ah, she *would* find her way here. Is there anywhere free of her influence?
Do you want to buy *cod7**cod9**cod8*?
Pilgrim's Rest Inn
She's even got a standing offer to pass the secrets of her blade mastery on to the first fighter to defeat her. So far, no one has managed that feat.
Is there something you actually need from me?
Guard
Merchant Kia Jong
Peasant
Slowed
Business sure has dropped with those sailors gone.
I'm not a rich man. But my reputation, my ship, and my men are worth everything I can give. Close the dam and free us, and I'll give you all the silver I have.
The Great Dam is open, and the lake that feeds into the river is gone. My ship, the Lucky Night, is stranded here like a lame water buffalo.
They're good men, but we're all a bit mad right now. The Great Dam is open, and the lake that feeds into the river is gone. My ship is stranded here like a lame water buffalo.
I offered you an enormous amount of silver to perform a simple task. Instead, you chose to close the Great Dam and ruin my business.
If you've come to complain about my men, I don't want to hear it. When Minister Sheng gets the Great Dam closed, we'll be happy to leave. Until then, we're stuck here.
If I leave the ship, my men will have Tien's Landing in flames. The locals think the dam is haunted, and Minister Sheng can't find anyone brave enough to risk closing it.
Demon
I'll help you.
I'll think about it.
I have more important things to do.
In other words, accepting your place in the world and using your skills accordingly is the optimal way of following the path of harmony.
If the river is too low and fast, why don't you go close the dam?
Master Smiling Hawk
The way is clear to the Imperial City. You need only speak to our mad friend, Kang, and he will prepare the flyer.
Imperial Soldier
I... I will do my best. But I don't know anything. The Lotus Assassins just told us to guard the gate while they searched the ruins. That's all. I swear.
Wu the Lotus Blossom
Unless you need me, I will stay here at this new camp. It seems safe enough, and it may as well serve as a base for us.
Player
I will stay here at this new camp unless you need me. It seems like a good enough place to base ourselves out of.
Old Master
I have been thinking since our match. I came to this place seeking honor, but I feel that my many victories have all been hollow.
We did not speak before our match, but I see you are not like the rabble that fills this place. I think.... Yes, it is time for me to leave again and seek other challenges.
I think.... Yes, it is time for me to leave again and seek other challenges.
You dogs are pathetic. I'll take care of this myself!
[The machine is inactive. You corrupted it with Zeng Sai's corpse and obtained the Spirit Shard.]
Your men don't respect you very much, do they?
I'll leave you alone, then.
You're stuck here?
Do you want to sell *cod7**cod9**cod8*?
They are evil. Pure evil! They forced me to serve them. They would have killed me if I disobeyed. I had no choice but to guard this door while they searched the ruins.
Judge it as you wish; I simply tire of this place. More specifically, I tire of dealing with the machinations of the Guild.
I think I shall return to the Prosperous East and continue my studies. But first, I am sworn to teach the secrets of my style to any who can best me. Let me instruct you.
Since you told me the Serpent's plan, I will teach you a more advanced technique. The key is balance and form. Your motion must be swift but precise.
Death's Hand
Lieutenant
What I sensed was some opening in your guard. I cannot name it and could not find it leading me to believe that it was a brilliant gambit.
Could it be a gambit you are barely aware of?
A few scruffy bandits and their mysterious leader show up, and suddenly everyone's pestering me about the village, like it's important.
Cursed bandits. Let their spirits lay troubled for all they have done. Some good people fell here, but thanks to you, not as many as might have.
And my statue... it's a good thing they didn't touch it. Disgracing such a tribute would be like disgracing the Emperor himself.
Never bargain with a man who makes deals for a living. You'll always lose.
I'm grateful you agreed to close the dam for me, but I see the water is still low. The longer you wait, the more difficult it becomes to control my men.
I'm Captain Ing. This is my ship, the Lucky Night. She's a fine vessel... or was. But now that the Great Dam is open, the Lucky Night is stranded here, along with me and my men.\n
Who are you?
It was a pleasure doing business with you earlier, my friend. The best deals are those where all parties profit. As you can see, business is still quite brisk for me.
I think you know. Minister Sheng has asked you to go out to the Great Dam. He must have given you the key to the ruins.
I have seen his kind in the city. He thinks his family's wealth is a substitute for nobility and is angered when others still see him for what he is: a crass and spoiled bully.
No need to rush to a decision. Just keep it in mind. If you destroy the controls, bring me some proof, and I will happily honor my word.
You found:
A:Continue
Saving game. Please don't shut down Jade Empire.
Prerequisites not met.
Disallowed
Already Purchased
*cod7**cod9**cod8*+*cod7**cod10**cod8*
*cod7**cod9**cod8*, *cod7**cod10**cod8*
Replace existing mapped style?
Bandit Captain
Sheng Guard
Imperial City - Market District
Mister Ren's ghost lies peacefully and won't rise again.
I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*, and you are about to be humbled.
Black Whirlwind
Butcher
Crash Site
Cannibal
Inquisitor Lim
Boat
Turnkey Shiji
Convict Ghost
Strangler Jizu
No lake, no fish. How'll I feed my family?
With the dam closed I can fish and feed my family again!
Dire Flame
Proud Shanli
Judge Fang
Fang Guard
Jinlin
Bodyguard Binggong
Transition
Biyu
Character Record
Ability Scores
Health:
Focus:
Chi:
Level:
You go away! Sung Bu very busy thinking right now.
If you must pester one of us, then make it my brother Sung Bo.
No, no, we can't allow that to happen. It would be too much to bear.
My daughter, Wen Si Wei, has fallen ill, and nothing in my previous training could help me with what ails her.
Her liver has been rotted from within, corrupted by some energy I have never encountered before.
I don't know what it is, but it has prevented her liver from functioning. Now, her body no longer responds. I fear she is dying.
That is what I fear. Her liver has been corrupted, and now her body no longer responds well. Without my efforts, she would be dead already.
No! No! No! It... Oh... you!
Have... have you managed to find some way to help me?
Please, if you can find something to help my daughter, you would have my eternal gratitude.
It can't be done! It can! Why not?!
It's a perfectly reasonable assumption. There's no reason why it shouldn't.
No! It has to work... It has to!
You!
A man in need of a doctor? Why haven't you brought him here?
But this poor wretch isn't much good either, No, not at all... But what else is there? What else is there?
Work, damn you! Work!
*cod4*/*cod4*
Wha... What do you want? You... you can't have me, corpse! Not yet!
You... you're not dead!
I'm sorry, I just... I just panicked. I thought you were some spirit, here for revenge.
Well... my incense didn't drive you away... but mostly, it's because I can't see through you.
My research has shown that virtually all spirits, especially those whose bodies can no longer support themselves, return as incorporeal beings.
It means you can see through them.
Ah, well... my work, you see, while very important--*very important*--may upset some of those spirits not fully at peace.
My name is Wen Zhi, but the few who come here call me mad. Mad Wen, they say. But I am not mad!
I am desperate, it is true, but I know what I'm doing. The vengeful spirits of this place will not hold me!
I... I am conducting my research.
I am a doctor by trade, studying the internals of the body and the energies that drive it. But lately, I have come on hard, hard times.
His daughter? Well, then something must be done immediately. If need be, I'm sure I could steal away from this noisy place for a few hours.
A new liver? That's... that's impossible! He would have to be mad to try that! Acupuncture can do wondrous things, but it cannot restore an organ that has failed.
Some energy?
She is dying then?
What did you do?
Is there anything I can do to help?
To the Golden Way.
I am a spirit, here for revenge!
I have a preserved liver.
I don't have anything yet.
Tell me about your work.
Tell me about your daughter again.
I have to go now.
I'm *cod7*FullName*cod8*, and I'm not dead.
I am tired of seeing our carefully laid plans fall to your thuggish fists. The operations in the ruins and Gao's factory were my responsibility. Their destruction is my shame.
Revenge for what?
How do you know I'm not a spirit?
What would a spirit want revenge for?
What are you doing here?
No woman can resist the alluring gaze of Lustful Lao! I can say *cod6*good morning*cod6* in seven dialects, which would you prefer I use tomorrow?
How dare you interrupt me!?
Oh, I knew you'd be back. No woman alive can resist the call of Lustful Lao's powerful yang!
You return once again to interrupt Lustful Lao, master of the eye of beckoning, lord of the billowing sheets!
I see your true question dancing in your marvelous eyes. *cod6*Yes, I *can* lift a two person rickshaw without my hands.*cod6* Would you like a demonstration?
Not half as impressive as when I lean forward at forty five degrees and yet stand perfectly stable! Now, what are you really here to ask of Lustful Lao?
The only way to find out would be to spend an eternity of evenings with me, wouldn't it?
Recruiters for the Lotus Assassins, you say? Of course not! No wise man is too familiar with their order.
Damn! You have anticipated my most delicious comparison! Such fire! Shall we dance some more, frisky one?
Worst subject ever! Instead, let me ask you this: What are the fourteen essential differences between a bowl of steaming, sweetened rice and a night of fiery passion?
Don't know? Perfect! Lustful Lao humbly invites you back to a private room to share some rice at your convenience.
You're no fun!
Close, but I am far more accustomed to dining in groups. We should start slowly so your constitution is not sorely tested, I think.
Very well, go, do what you have to. Lustful Lao will remain here to stoke the coals of your desire.
Handler
Alas, we were just getting to know each other, and we haven't even reached the best part. If we're lucky, it will make an appearance next time we speak.
Oh, please do. I shall enjoy the opportunity to admire your... departure.
Oooohhhh, the little peach likes to play, does she? Very well, I know exactly the information you seek.
You know, they say pigs have incredible... stamina. Consider that for when you return, because Lustful Lao knows his little peach will come back sooner or later.
If you must know, I, Lustful Lao, conqueror of the female kingdom, was emanating my yang. It is but one of my many irresistible charms.
You don't see my brimming knowledge of the 232 points of pleasure, as documented by Men Shi Tsao the Salacious Scholar?
Or that I perform the stretches outlined in the writings of the now-disbanded Lascivious Order of the Abbotless Monks every morning?
If even these simple things are beyond your ken, sir, then Lustful Lao has no time to spare on you!
If you, like all the others, seek to know my secrets, I will not share them. If you seek common knowledge, then you ask the wrong man.
I would not deprive the fair ladies of this watering hole a moment of my attention! Ask one of the others.
That's exactly what I intend to do. Now leave me, and don't stand between that waitress and me. You'll disturb the harmonies I've established.
No need! The answers, in order, are, *cod6*seventeen times,*cod6* and, *cod6*no, in a row, thank you very much for your sarcasm.*cod6*
No, I'm fully versed in the 68 positions of the flowering lotus, any of which I'd be happy to show you once you're done with your silly questions.
I was hoping to ask you some questions.
That's... impressive, but no, I really just need answers.
I'm afraid of the answers I'd get. I'll be going.
I can't take this anymore. I'm leaving.
Maybe all of them, if you answer some questions first.
None! Leave me alone, disgusting son of a sow!
What were you doing?
It's impossible to interrupt someone who is doing nothing, fool.
What charms are those?
This follower is not available.
Since I've already interrupted, do you have time for a few questions?
I have no time for this, get back to whatever you claim to be doing.
If you can keep your yang under check for a moment, can I ask a question or two?
I think you've lost your ability to count, then.
I will let you get back to... whatever you're doing.
Are you always this disgusting?
Do you know anything about recruiters for the Lotus Assassins?
Please, let's move on to something else!
Tell me the most impressive structure *isn't* the palace, and I'll slap you.
No, we're done for now.
I really can't take this anymore.
What can you tell me about this place?
Well...
There's...
I'll pass, but I have some other questions.
You must be used to dining alone. I'd hate to interrupt.
I should go.
This is too much. I'm leaving.
Character Progress
*cod7**cod9**cod8* Secrets Revealed
*cod7**cod9**cod8* Opponents Defeated
I... I could not stand the possibility of her loss, so I took matters into my own hands.
I researched the workings of the body and the spirit, as well as the lore of the creatures that live beyond death.
I believe I have found a way to save my daughter... but I have not been successful in my efforts.
I have found a way to strengthen--no, to replace--the corrupt flesh of one living creature with that of another.
Through the energies of the earth and by the divine will of Heaven, her body can be made to accept the organ as if it were a part of her. She can be given a new life!
But these cursed, wretched corpses do nothing for me! They are too old, too... dead! Their organs are rotted beyond repair. Even the ones recently buried.
I need something else... something more. Either one that is perfectly preserved, or one that is fresh.
Her time is drawing near. If I cannot get a new organ for her soon, I fear it may be too late.
I need a liver that has been perfectly preserved. Even a short time after death, the flesh begins to decay. Only a few rare bodies are truly well preserved.
I have tried all the organs I could find, but none work. A nobleman here, Ji Xin, had his body preserved well enough and buried in this graveyard, but his corpse has... moved.
Thank you! Whatever I can give you in reward, I will. Please, hurry!
I know there are some practices deemed able to replace an organ, but organs do not just appear; someone must die to provide that replacement.
Please! I will give you whatever I can, just please help my daughter!
Please, stranger! If you just look, you may find a pristine liver for my daughter. I'm sure there is a corpse preserved sufficiently in this very graveyard!
I... I cannot leave my daughter to look, not with her in this condition. She hangs on by the barest thread.
Luck... A curse that has haunted me in its absence.
You... you do? Thank you! Thank you!
He would sacrifice himself to save this girl? I am in awe. And I would be assisting, then? It is no wonder he could not do it himself. But is the situation so desperate?
I... I cannot let this be. I know I must help, though the thought of putting a living organ into another person... disgusts me. Still, his story is... touching. Tragic.
Most Powerful Enemy Defeated
Most Damaging Stance
*cod7**cod9**cod8*:*cod7**cod10**cod8*:*cod7**cod11**cod8* Time Played
*cod7**cod9**cod8*% Percentage Complete
Jades
Weapons
Spirits
Techniques
Jin Lin
General Kao
Busy, busy. The Heart of the Empire never slows down this time of year.
Travelers have been telling a lot of ghost stories recently. Is it really such a problem?
Either grab a table or ask the tavern keeper directly if you want to order.
I wish Lustful Lao would stop ogling me. It's disgusting.
Thanks for dealing with those bandits. You've become quite a strong fighter.
I have never seen Master Li fight before. His skills are beyond anything I expected.
I think you'll change your mind when you hear my offer.
In appreciation of your earlier service for me, I'll tell you everything I know. However, I'm afraid the news is not good.
There's blood in the river from those killed in the attack. Fish won't take bait while they're distracted by blood.
I had no idea you were so skilled. Your master teaches his students well.
Character Advancement
Steeper Yanru
[The Ravager silently stares at you from behind his mask.]
Leave me be, I am contemplating.
Area Map
Followers
Styles
Unable to load Saved Game (cannot open file). Press OK to continue.
*cod7**cod7**cod7**cod9**cod8**cod8* appears to be damaged and cannot be used.  Press OK to continue.
Unable to load Saved Game (system error). Press OK to continue.
Mastery
Style Points
Cost
Name
School
Increase your Body to increase your Health and improve your Intimidation and Charm skills.
Increase your Mind to increase your Focus and improve your Intuition and Charm skills.
Increase your Spirit to increase your Chi and improve your Intimidation and Intuition skills.
Accept the allocation of points.
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Jades
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Weapons
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Spirits
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Followers
Defensive
Centipede
Hick I am drunk. Drunky drunk drunk. I LOVE YOU MAN!!!!
Every seen a centipede eat a mouse? Think about it...
Style Info
Switch to
Map to D-pad
Level Up
Your hard drive does not have enough free space to save games. You need to free up more space to be able to save. Press OK to lose your progress and free more space or CANCEL to continue without saving.*cod2*
ERROR: ELSE CANNOT BE FOLLOWED BY A NULL STATEMENT
ERROR: SWITCH CONDITION CANNOT BE FOLLOWED BY A NULL STATEMENT
ERROR: WHILE CONDITION CANNOT BE FOLLOWED BY A NULL STATEMENT
ERROR: FOR STATEMENT CANNOT BE FOLLOWED BY A NULL STATEMENT
The Jade Tongue
Shining Death
Dragon Sword
Charm +10*cod2*Intimidation +10*cod2*Intuition +10*cod2**cod2*Legends of the fabled Jade Tongue, also known as *cod6*the tongue of the gods,*cod6* say that anyone lucky enough to possess it can control the minds of others. While the Jade Tongue might not grant total mental dominance, its subtle power lends weight to its owner's words, making an audience far more likely to agree or obey.
This was once the sword of Wen Hu the Reckless. The Shining Death is stunningly well balanced and very easy to wield.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Long Sword Style*cod2**cod2*Before his departure to the unknown, the Celestial Dragon crafted the first true warrior, Lu Fang. Though Lu Fang's fists were stronger and quicker than any blade, the Celestial Dragon forged the Dragon Sword to give the warrior a weapon worthy of his skill. Hard as dragon scales and sharp as a dragon's tooth, it is still one of the most formidable swords in the Empire.
Quest
Item
Jade
Buy Upgrade
Cost to Purchase
Press START for Options
Press START to Return
Place the remaining points into the attributes that best suit this character.
Minister of Culture
Map
The serving girl, Mai Ling, has asked you to rescue her sister, Dr. An La. Mai Ling is certain that her sister is still alive, and imprisoned in the caves below the inn.
Rescue Doctor An
According to Mai Ling, there are two ways to access the lower level. The room that was being prepared for you has a lever which will open a trap door designed to drop people below, and you could climb down from there. A safer route would be through the kitchen, where steps are hidden behind the oven. Once you are down there, search the caves for Doctor An.
Mai Ling has asked you to find and rescue her sister, Dr. An La. You have found her, but according to the doctor's fellow prisoner, they are both suffering from a disease called The Hunger which causes cravings for human flesh. Before you can rescue them, you'll have to find a cure.
Find Doctor An's equipment.
Zheng has told you that Dr. An had some equipment and notes taken from her by the guards. Before she lapsed into unconsciousness, she told Zheng that she was very close to a cure. The equipment must be somewhere nearby.
Mai Ling, the serving girl at the inn has asked you to rescue her sister, but Doctor An is suffering from The Hunger, and is slowly turning into a Cannibal herself. The equipment and notes you found suggest that it may be possible to cure her.
Divide the cure into the right proportions.
Doctor An's notes are confident that the liquid in the two flasks you found will cure The Hunger, but that improper dosage could be either ineffective or fatal. You have to find some means to divide the cure she has in half, but with these irregular bottles it won't be easy.
You've managed to find the right portions for Doctor An's cure. So long as her theories were correct, this should provide enough cure for both her and Farmer Zheng. After that, all that's left is the simple matter of escaping these cannibal-infested caves and meeting up with Mai Ling.
Escape with Doctor An.
You must find a way out of the caves and clear of the inn. Dr. An and Zheng seem convinced that there's a second exit farther on that should allow you to get away.
After the defeat of The Master, you narrowly escaped the collapse of the caves under the cannibals' inn. A joyful Mai Ling met up with Doctor An and after learning that the serving girl she was a ghost you released her with your amulet. Doctor An has volunteered to join your cause and will be in Two Rivers should you ever need her services.
Dr. An Lost
You were unable to rescue Dr. An from the caves below the inn. With the network of tunnels collapsed, there's virtually no chance she survived. After revealing that she had died and was only holding on to her sanity in hope of her sister's rescue, Mai Ling attacked you in a rage. She was defeated and hopefully has found some peace thanks to the amulet's powers.
Switch Opponent
Try Alternate Style
Exit Style Training
Captain Ing
Outer Courtyard
Minister Sheng
Merchant Jiang
I wish you hadn't done that, living one. Yushan's death will free us from this place, but I'm afraid of what will happen to us now. I'm afraid for Miao.
Prisoner
Han's a sad little man. Don't put much stock in your victory.
Shopkeeper
Innkeeper
Long Claw
Lotus Assassin
Mister Ren Banished
Patron
Rumor has it that the outer provinces are having as much trouble with ghosts as they are with bandits and raiders.
Lord Yun
Thug
Mother
Mister Ren's ghost has been put down and won't be causing any more trouble.
Forest Shadow
I don't know. I was here, on the far side of the gate, and the gate itself is locked. Only the Lotus Assassins themselves are allowed into the ruins.
No, nothing. Only that the gate leading into them was locked. The Lotus Assassins had to get a key from Sheng, the Imperial Minister in Tien's Landing.
But I think... I think the ruins are haunted! I hear strange sounds coming from beyond the gates. But even the threat of ghosts can't keep the Assassins from their search.
Please, my boy Ni Joh is trying to fight them down on the beach, but we need someone skilled.
Orphan
Travel to *cod5*?
Show Interface Hints
Display hints the first time a particular menu screen is shown.
Dragonfly Mini-game
Well, you see, there's been a mix-up. No, an error. Oh, who am I kidding? Some.. bastard has changed my play.
I am Incisive Chorus the Playwright. I'm sure you've heard of me, and if not, you have... er, now, I suppose.
One of my productions has been touring the countryside and catching people's attention. We were asked to bring it into the city and perform here in the Golden Way.
The play must go on, but not as they want it. The play's been changed, you see! One very key piece of the play has been rewritten!
No, no, NO! Well, yes, but not like this!
I tell you truthfully that they've lost the whole point of the piece!
A like-minded island amidst a sea of dolts. Oh dear, that was a poor metaphor. The point stands regardless!
There's that too. Anyone could take offense. Now I'm doubly concerned!
I will gladly offer you the going rate for a leading man, just for a walk-on part!
You have a most regal bearing, so I expect you'd have no... well, no *major* problems, at any rate, acting the role of Lady Fourteen Flowers.
If you talk to First-Degree Thespian Phong, up by the pagoda, tell him you're the replacement actor. He'll be desperate, so all you'll have to do is read the proper lines.
Of course, all roles are played by men, er, or at least women with the decency to pose as men playing women. It's... well... it can get complex sorting it all out.
That will be a bit tricky I'll admit. Certainly breaking with tradition, but if you tell them you're already in makeup, they'll... er, gloss things over. It'll be fine, I'm sure.
Oh, they will. It's a role practically suited to one of your... stature. It'll come to you as easily as pleasant scents on a spring wind.
Here's a copy of the original script for your scene. Pivotal, I assure you. This copy reads properly, not like that edited pile of dung.
Hurry over to the large pagoda overlooking the Golden Way, and tell Phong that you're the replacement. They won't wait forever, so step quickly to it.
Now, good... no, you're about to perform so I shan't jinx it. Get to it!
Well, of course! I could... hmm... I suppose I could write you in as a character in one of my plays. Imagine, fame and, well... immortality on the stage!
Oh! Silver, is it? That's simple. I know we writers are supposed to be... poor is the best word, but I never saw the point. Can't afford ink as a poor man, you see?
Then I am, well, ruined, I suppose. The first in my family--wait... no. Oh yes, the first to see success, and I am undone.\n
Fine. The world didn't need to see the real... er... play anyway. Let them put on their tragedy. I apologize for taking your time, honored one.
I am an iamb, I am! Er... was that it? Oh! Sorry. You startled me. You're back... have you changed your mind? You'll help me?
Oh, goodness, I do hope that the... er, play goes as planned. Just... remember to breathe and push from the stomach up, yes?
Now hurry to the pagoda overlooking this district! Just follow the road and look for the crowd. Oh... I'm so nervous!
Defeat the Assassin
The Lotus Assassins have dogged you long enough, eliminate their leader.
Step away, smudged one, I don't have time to talk to you.
I died before the gates to the underworld closed, but I couldn't let go of my daughter. I worried for her, and rightly so, but I think she will find peace now.
What can I do to help?
What could I possibly do to help you with a play?
Sounds positive so far. Where's the problem?
Worried they're corrupting your *cod6*art,*cod6* are you?
Why worry about a few rewrites? Doesn't that happen all the time?
You're right; that is terrible!
Not to mention that certain factions frown on satire of the Empire.
This is the most ridiculous problem I've ever heard. Why should I care?
You want me to play Lady Fourteen Flowers?
I'm no actor. They wouldn't believe me!
Sounds interesting. I'll do it.
Find someone else to be your patsy. I have no intention of helping you.
My help depends on my incentive.
I was looking for something more material.
A writer? There's no way you could afford my assistance. Stand aside.
Why don't you just tell me what the problem is?
I wouldn't have time to listen to your problem, stammering fool.
Had your, er... moment, did you?
I can't believe that performance! Disgraceful! Had you followed the original script, it would have been a masterpiece, but you mangled it!
Clearly! An actor would have had no trouble with that script. In fact, anyone with any culture would have already known it. I couldn't believe what I was, er... hearing.
Had you honored yours, of course. You promised that you would perform my play, not that bastardized version. Frankly, I'm surprised they made that many changes!
I know my own work, and I'd have let that performance, er... slide had you flubbed only *one* of the important lines, but that was terrible.
No one could have enjoyed that! Terrible, just, er... terrible!
Fantastic! The scholars loved it. One's already asked for a copy of the manuscript. I'm sure there will be more.
Here, I promised you this, and you should... er, have it! Yes, that's it. Enjoy, and thank you so much!
Oh, so much to do. So many, er... copies to make! Yes! Ha!
You didn't come to watch?
What do you mean?
It wasn't my fault. I'm not a professional actor!
Listen, ink stain, you will honor your commitments.
Excuse me! You're in my way, and I'm trying to keep an eye out for our replacement actor.
The play that's about to go on here, obviously. Why do you think I'm dressed like this? For fun?
You? You're the replacement?
Well, why aren't you in costume? If you're going to be playing Lady Fourteen Flowers, you'll need your dress!
By the starry river, that is the best makeup job I've ever seen! We'll barely have to touch you up to play Lady Fourteen Flowers!
And let me just say, your costume makes everything look very... ah... authentic. Yes, yes, well, good job!
Did they give you a copy of the script when they sent you over here?
Let me see that.
No, no, no, no, NO! This is all wrong. They sent you with the old script. Bloody actor's guild is staffing itself with water buffaloes, I tell you! Here, have it back.
Damn your guild's myopic planning. Luckily for you, I expect the worst from them and pulled a copy from the back. Here, take it.
The script's recently been revised, so even if you're familiar with the old version, read it again for the changes before you head on stage.
Well, a southern noble funded the location and travel for us, but wanted to make a few tweaks.
Captain Sen of the Imperial Army has tasked you with tracking down an arsonist named Fading Moon.
We couldn't afford to miss the exposure. Our writer wasn't that happy, but we accepted the revisions and here we are.
I'm sure your actor's guild told you that we have standard rates. We'll happily pay you the going rate for a lead, especially since this is short notice.
Ruin your scene and you get nothing, just like normal. Understand?
Just get at least half the lines correct and the crowd will figure out what's happening. Any less than that and it becomes one of those obscure plays no one likes.
Now, read that script over. Come talk to me when you've got it and we'll get you into final costume and onto the stage.
It's nothing grave, just pre-show jitters making me snappish. If you see an actor or someone who looks out of place in here, send them my way, would you?
Have you read the script? Do you feel one with Lady Fourteen Flowers yet?
That's the spirit! Let's get you into the back and costumed up, Lady Fourteen Flowers.
Okay, but hurry. The director will probably do something that would dishonor his family for generations if he's forced to wait much longer.
Why are you guild actors all the same? Isn't the money motivation enough?
Look, you're playing a noble lady in the court of the first Emperor, Sagacious Tien. Your scene is opposite another noble, Fortunate Puzzle.
Er... what else? You're kind of sad, depressed even! There, if you're as professional as the guild said you'd be, that should be enough to work on.
Oh, of course you're not an actor. You're a fine lady from the court of Sagacious Tien. Forgive me for forgetting myself. That said, are you ready to go on stage?
A hundred curses! You really aren't an actor are you? Oh, the director's going to kill my incarnations a dozen times for this.
Get out of my sight! I have to find the real replacement!
You there, *cod6*Lady Fourteen Flowers!*cod6*
That had to be the worst performance since Affective Pathos tried to complete his role in Tale of the Singing Reed after taking a sandbag to the head!
There will be no payment for you! We'll be lucky if our director doesn't kill us all before he takes his own life out of shame.
Be gone, hack! Charlatan! Prevaricator! Get out of my sight!
That was pretty solid. It's too bad you couldn't hit it perfectly, but it will do.
The crowd loved it! Fantastic performance! You managed to hit every line perfectly!
Our sponsor will be ecstatic that you worked his revisions in so effortlessly. It sounded a bit harsh, but I'm sure it will be fine.
Our sponsor may not be happy with the version you read, but I've always preferred the old version of the play anyway.
I guess Incisive Chorus put you up to this, because I know I gave you the new script to study. Good for him.
I believe I owe you an actor's fee. Enjoy.
*cod6*Rather fun?*cod6* Now I *know* you're not one of the guild actors. They're never positive about anything! Oh well, no harm done I'm sure.
The performance wouldn't have gone on without you, professional actor or not.
You guild actors are all the same. Never happy. Oh well, your loss.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have things I must attend to.
Phong
A replacement actor? For what?
I'm the understudy you needed.
I have this script here. Is this it?
No, I don't have a copy on me.
Who revised the script?
Why was the script changed?
Fading Moon's Bounty
I think I've got it.
What do you consider ruining the scene?
Sorry to bother you.
I'm ready. Let's get the show on the road.
Not yet. I need a bit more time.
I'm having trouble with my motivation. Tell me more about my character.
You know, I'm not really an actor. We should rethink this.
No, really! I'm really not an actor. I won't do this. Here, take your scripts.
It was no problem. Rather fun, really.
Next time, I expect my name higher on the play bill.
It was barely worth my time.
Watch closely. We shall see if the informant was accurate.
Imagine, condemning the Jade Empire at its heart. The fools.
What in the dragon's eye was that? I saw no treason there. The informant will suffer for a lifetime!
Our informant was correct. Gather the others; these traitors will be *lucky* if they live to see the Wall.
Amulet
You cannot travel to that area.\n
Weapon
Fighting sticks of stickiness. Really sticky. Some sort of glue I guess.
Ah, my good friend! What a pleasant surprise to see you here in the glory that is the Imperial City!
Minister Sheng has not forgotten how you helped him with his troubles in Tien's Landing. Without your efforts the Great Dam might still be open!
How this could be accomplished I couldn't say. But at least Minister Sheng would be spared the wrath and fury of the Lotus Assassins.
Blocked
Kill the filthy thin-blood, my pretties!
You have been defeated.
Everyone's real happy in the town, now. Even Mommy and Daddy.
Even with the dam closed, Sheng still cries at night about going back to the Imperial City.
Good job on those pirates. But it would have been better if you'd closed the dam.
Oh, and one other thing. The Serpent has requested that you visitate him alone. I know you usually have a friend with you, but they'll have to remain behind for this meeting.
You... uh... you did a good job with Ing. I'll let you know if any more executions come up.
But we hadn't even scheduled his execution yet. I just finished collecting enough silver to cover the executioner's fee this morning.
Well, you did execute him, so I guess you earned the executioner's fee. Here you go.
Fun? Slaughtering a prisoner like that is fun? I understand killing a man for profit, but for pleasure? What kind of twisted... uh, sorry.
No! No... of course not. I was just... surprised. After all, he was condemned to death.
He attacked me first!
I think I'm entitled to that.
Good. Hand it over.
Keep the silver. I did this just for fun.
Sorry, stranger. I stick to my regular customers.
What's the matter, farm girl, never seen a real working woman?
This is my corner. I paid for it.
You want to be next?
This is what you threaten, human! You want to take the crystal from us, but we are too strong. Too strong for you!
Hmm, I thought Master Li would have your attention for the rest of the day. It is good to see you.
The other girls say I charge too much, but I'm worth it!
These sailors are good for business... at least until their silver runs out.
If Captain Ing can't get the ship out soon, there'll be a mutiny. A right bloody one, too.
Heard someone took care of them pirates. Good. Never liked their kind.
I know you haven't had much time for simple sparring. It is too bad; your fellow students benefit from your experience. A strong opponent is the best trainer.
In the Pirate Lair, you met Yifong, who you last saw leaving Tien's Landing. She and several others are trapped in a slave cage. The cage door is flimsy, and the slaves inside have begged you to free them. Yifong also told you that the pirates have taken her daughter Fuyao. She asked you to find and rescue the girl.
Free the slaves
Sorry to disturb such a touching scene, but I have a sizeable investment in this and... there are things that should not go unsaid.
The only ones they watch closely are the fighters in the higher divisions, such as Soldier and the Sungs.
You shame Master Li with your actions here! We should protect the weak, not exploit them!
You showed great compassion to that poor man. I am glad to see you can be merciful as well as strong.
Damage Increase
His power ran deep. He would have taken our organization even further down Gao the Greater's path had word of a new contestant not reached us.
I am looking for Fen.
Pirate Base
I am charged with giving whatever instruction I can, but my insights deal more with the philosophy of combat than the skills themselves.
Master Li is very strict about what is taught here, because martial skill is a pathway to great power, and that holds certain risks.
Even here... so weak... the waters cannot bleed forever. Nothing is without end. Not even this world. Not when my power rests in the hands of mortals.
Names are fleeting... given so your kind can point and say *cod6*that is mine.*cod6* All words... names, history, dreams... they die on your lips.
It is not just good over evil; few things in life are that simple. The common way to say it is, *cod6*Do you follow the Way of the Open Palm or the Closed Fist?*cod6*
What remains after that is beyond you. Or is meant to be. Not everything can be owned. Not without price. You will pay a debt earned by another.
I hear, but I am too weak to lend aid. Others push above their station, but you are where you should be, though you are poisoned by selective knowledge.
I lack the strength to help you. You cannot avoid your fate. When someone steps beyond their station, others must fall to fill the gap.
You are in your station. You are where you should be. He is counting on that.\n
If you fail in your destiny, your true enemy falls with you. And if he falls... so do we all. You must win... but in doing so, you will lose.
It is a painful circle that must be allowed to close. You do not truly have a choice until you confront what comes after. You will be free to act, but there is a cost.
He challenges the order. He pushes above while you are where you should be.... where you must be.
Hello, Weapon Master Gujin. Good day to you.
Are you the spirit of the Water Dragon?
Do my questions matter, or are you so above me that you don't hear me?
Who has stepped beyond their station? Me?
Someone has challenged the gods? Challenged you?
I know you, spirit. You have been named.
They're...not human. They're changing us.
You are the first person in this Scholars' Garden that has made any sense to me.
It seems the Outlander twisted your arguments to his favor, just as he has done against everyone else.
[This grave appears to be dedicated to *cod6*the Old Master,*cod6* a former instructor of the school. It is a humble tribute, not even bearing his name.]
[A small bowl sits beneath the stylized image of a lion, ready to accept offerings of silver to speed the spirit of the departed to his rest.]
A term for the *cod6*high path,*cod6* or perhaps the way of restraint and harmony. Many aspire to it, but few achieve it. It is a path of resisting tyranny.
[The coin disappears through a thin slot in the bottom of the bowl. There is an audible clicking sound.]
Changing you into them?
There has to be some way to help you.
[The lion image detaches from the gravestone. It appears to have little value.]
[You leave this modest grave undisturbed.]
[The grave of the Old Master remains as you left it.]
[Place a silver coin in the bowl.]
Of course, the source of that tyranny varies. It is just as dangerous coming from without as within.
Tyranny from external sources is easy to find and fight. Defending those who cannot defend themselves is a reasonable example.
You can save your Jade Empire game at any time except during combat. To prevent you from losing your progress, the game also autosaves before you enter major fights.
While loading is disabled for this demo, Jade Empire allows you to load one of your saved games or any autosaved games at any time.
The World Map displays the entire scope of the known world, from the harsh mountains of the Land of Howling Spirits to the lush gardens of the Imperial City. You can use this map to zoom in on specific locations for a detailed view.
There are more than thirty fighting styles available to you, ranging from martial arts, to weapons, to magic styles, and each can be upgraded to allow you to roleplay and advance as the character you want to build. Choose from martial arts styles like Legendary Strike, weapon styles like Twin Axes, magic styles like Dire Flame, and even exotic magical transformation styles that allow you to take the form of awesome monsters that you have defeated.
Show stats in exploration mode
Press A to equip or unequip a gem.
Hide ability bars while in Exploration mode.
Harmonic Combos
Golden Way
Black Leopard School
Imperial City Core
To the slums
To the Golden Way
To City Core
All Have Fallen
Hapless Han never defeats the true warriors!
My question is, what am I supposed to do if one of the fighters goes berserk?
This is some of the lightest duty in the Empire.
Kai Lan the Serpent's men keep the peace better than we could.
I'm grabbing a drink as soon as I get off shift.
These new sandals are uncomfortable after a few hours.
Strong Wong
I'll make my way down to the little dock where I have my barge and get everything ready. Just meet me at Beggar's Pier in the southeast corner of town when you're ready to go.
[Failure.] Nice words, but you're just saying that so I'll help you. No, you're like all the rest. You think I'm nothing but a worthless drunk.
I've been poling a barge ever since I was old enough to hold the pole. Been drinking since about then, too. That's my life.
Ha! You make a wonderful jest! Wine is my best friend; she keeps me company in bad times and good! As soon cut out my tongue, I would. But don't let that worry you.
Silk Strings
There you are! I confess that when I got down here, I wasn't sure I actually met you. Too much wine in me. I thought you might have been a dream. But here you are!
I can take you to the pirates, if you still want to go. It'll be an easy trip: The river is quite tame again since you closed the dam. No danger at all... until you meet the pirates.
A thousand thanks to you. I promise to use your generous gift wisely.
I'll take you. And if the pirates slit your throat and dump your body in the river, I'll bring you back to town for a nice burial. If they leave your body on land, you're out of luck.
Impressive. Clearly I have been too dismissive in my search. This village will be torn asunder. Whatever you are hiding, I will have it.
I have seen enough of your skills. You will die now, so I am not troubled later.
Take your time. I have some drinking to do anyway. I'll be here whenever you're ready.
If it were possible, I would have done them myself this time.
I can take you to the pirates, if you still want to go. Might be a dangerous trip; the river has been running fast since the dam was opened. But it won't be any worse than the pirates themselves.
Now that we can play for larger bets, what say we set up a game?
Take your silver back. I've decided to cover your fee.
Gao just laughed at him and tried to walk on by, but this student challenged him. Gao just shrugged, turned, and killed this poor boy in one blow.
Keep the silver. You'll need it to cover the larger bets.
Glad I could help.
Next time you should run your own errands.
We hid out of sight as he passed, but he was laughing the whole time as he made his way through town, dragging that large sack behind him.
What the?\n
Come, to your death!
Blood and glory!
You're nothing but vermin.
Die, dung-fly.
Let's rumble.
Sweaty Hong
You'll close the dam? Hmm... you do seem the capable sort. I don't suppose anyone would hold it against me if I let someone more capable take over.
[Failure] If I knew what was good for me, I wouldn't have spent the last three days in this teahouse getting drunk. Besides, threats don't mean much when you've had as much wine as I have.
[Success] You... you mean that, don't you? Well, I may have a bit too much fondness for the wine, but I won't turn my back on someone who needs me! Let's do it! To the Pirate Lair!
Rat Demon
[Charm] You're not worthless, Ru. I need your help to stop the pirates.
Tell me more about yourself.
I want you sober while you're working with me.
How did you end up here?
Hopefully Master Li can shed some light on what led to this. A sorcerer in our little village? What is wrong with the world?
Statues
I'll be back later.
Take me to the pirate camp.
I'll whip you.
As I believe I said, I have survived by not angering anyone and not appearing too skilled. I would have enjoyed killing them, but if you lost, I would have died too.
What if I promise to close the dam instead?
[Intimidation] Worthless drunk! Redeem yourself and take me to the pirates!
Aha! When I saw that air ship flying off from the island, I figured the best thing was to come back here. I knew you'd come back and see me, because we're a team! And what a team!
Mister Ren has been banished for good, and his annoying wife was silenced, as well. Mister Ren won't be coming back, and Ren Feng can be safely tossed in a discrete pit somewhere.
Dayi the Door
Your master used tricks to deceive me before, but this time I am ready for your treachery! You will not have the gem!
I greet you, sir. I wonder if you might have some silver to spare?
Discord is the other side of the coin. People who choose the path of discord seek their own advancement over everything else.
These people will ignore the world and use whatever means necessary to raise themselves above their station.
Sagacious Tien taught both harmony and discord to his students, for one cannot be fully known without the other. However, he himself followed the way of harmony.
You are too kind. Thank you.
Thank you. May I ask you some questions?
Tell me about the ways of Sagacious Tien?
If you want to give me that coin because I entertained you, I will not have it. To think, an entertainer!
Explain the core principles of Tien's teachings.
If you feel more generous later, I will be here.
I thank you. It's not easy for one such as I. I have it far more difficult than the impoverished beggars of this city.
I greet you, my lady. I wonder if you might have some silver to spare?
I come from a very wealthy family. As such, I have a certain lifestyle to maintain. Parties, female admirers, lots of wine. You understand.
I have to have an income, don't I? My father looked at my considerable expenses and told me get my own silver.
Of course. I am a noble. The shame of manual labor or the stink of trade must not be allowed to touch me, or even waft its way close to me!
Ah, but I am a noble. The shame of manual labor or the stink of trade must not be allowed to touch me.
How could there be shame? You've got it, and I want it. Should I steal it? Never! Simply ask like a civilized soul, I say.
I read all the greatest philosophers and consulted with wise men before reaching this decision. I assure you the philosophical underpinnings are quite sound.
Wisdom is only gained by experience. Wine, women, and song, as it were. But a life of revel with no reflection still does not lead to true wisdom.
One must ponder. One must daydream. Even if I could bear the shame of sullying my hands with work, when would I think? How could I grow wise?
Well, it loses some of the subtlety when you put it that way. But yes.
And a very good day to you, miss.
I am afraid I cannot do that. That would be trade, and I simply will not sully my beautifully soft hands with such. I will tell you for free, however.
Not at all!  Very simply: You have it, I want it. I am behaving in a very rational, civilized manner by politely asking.
Hello again, sir! Are you ready to offer me a silver?
Go on.
Tell me the history of Sagacious Tien.
Actually, I'd like to ask you something different.
I need to ask you some questions.
What can you tell me about the Scholars' Garden?
Tell me about the scholars.
Tell me about the philosophers.
Hello again, my lady! Are you ready to offer me a silver?
I'd like to go back to my first questions.
What can you tell me about the Imperial City?
Who else could I ask about the city?
Actually, I should be going.
You live here. Why aren't you familiar with the city?
Is there someone else I could ask about the city?
Can you tell me where to find the Inquisitor Recruiter?
I didn't ask for your help... or a new friend!
How about some answers.
No, I said I didn't want your help.
What? I hate losing. Who would *want* to lose?
Sure. I need some answers.
No, thanks. I think I'll go elsewhere.
Thanks for bringing up a painful subject!
Thanks for the warning. May I ask you some questions?
I didn't ask for your advice!
Fine. Goodbye.
Very well then, I offer you this coin purely as charity.
Yes, you're right. I must be going.
Oh, it's you. I don't need your help.
Ya Zhen: Follow you? You'd wander aimlessly and never get anywhere.
Test!!
Sorry, I can't spare anything. Out of my way please.
But your clothes are expensive, and you speak like a noble!
Not even a little bit.
So you turned to begging?
Did you ever consider getting a job?
But there is no shame in begging?
What a load of refuse!
So you are begging in order to pay for drunken debauchery, all in service of becoming truly wise?
I think the pursuit of wisdom is noble. Here's a silver piece.
I've heard enough. I must go.
That was worth a silver. Take this.
Farewell!
I will give you a silver if you'll explain this mad philosophy of yours.
Fine. Tell me.
Never mind. I am done speaking with you.
That is rather pathetic, don't you think?
I think I have nothing more to say to you.
Fair enough. Here's a silver.
That doesn't explain why you're begging.
You're the rich beggar! What was your story again?
Aren't you that rich beggar?
I'm not sure I approve of your tactics, but you have done me a kindness by removing that ogre.
Thank you for convincing that poor ogre to leave. Such a sad story, really.
He certainly seemed harmless enough, but the customers were leery of him. Here... this is a little something to thank you for your help.
Merchant Bai at Peace
You have brought peace to Merchant Bai and calmed his spirit.
Merchant Bai Banished
You have put down the agitated ghost of Merchant Bai. He won't roam the Necropolis anymore.
Mother and Son at Rest
You have reunited the ghost of Miss Chan with that of her son. They both now rest in peace.
The Mother Slain
You have slain Miss Chan, and her spirit no longer roams the Necropolis.
Do you want to exit the mini-game?
I will do all that I can. Lead me to him, and I will see if I can help.
I am expected to deliver this worthless fragment of a Spirit Monk amulet to our fortress, but that won't counter my disgrace for what you did here.
No. I won't be a part of a scheme like that. The organ would have to come from somewhere, and it could not be damaged by death or decay. Someone would have to die for it.
No. Clearly not. I am sorry for the girl, but... I will not be a part of such a plan. One life is precious, but not at the cost of another's.
I am a doctor by trade, but lately I have been pursuing more... relevant studies.
I believe I have found a way to implant a pristine organ, living or dead, to replace the corrupted one inside my daughter.
Please, if you can find a preserved liver for me, I could save her. I would give you everything I have as a reward.
She is all I have left since her mother died.
Some evil energy has corrupted her liver, and I know of no way to remove it without killing her.
But she already lies close to death and grows closer with each passing moment... Please! Please find a liver for my daughter!
Now if there is nothing else?
Operation? There is surgery involved? I know some, but my specialty is acupuncture. Without a proficient guide, I wouldn't know what to do. What does he need an operation for anyway?
No, I suppose not. For me to perform a surgery would be a great risk. As much as I hate to admit my failings, without my eyes, I am confined to my own discipline.
What is it this man needs, that can only be done by me?
If I'm not, then I'm not. Do not try to lure me into any back alley operations or deals. I won't hear of it again.
Yes, and don't try to rope me into any schemes you may have again. I won't hear of it!
You'll be happy to know that the girl is doing well. She has recovered, and I have taken her under my care.
She seems eager to learn the arts I know, and we may find some way to apply the arts that her father developed.
If used carefully, her father's teachings may benefit all the Empire, but I must apply his theories in new ways. For now, she works and learns and heals.
What can be done for you now?
What do you have to do?
You want me to find you a liver?
I'll find the preserved nobleman for you.
There is a man who needs the help of a doctor.
His daughter is dying, and he needs help.
I can't help you.
I'm sorry, I don't know what I can do for you.
Can I help you?
Well... good luck with that, then.
He is trying to give his daughter a new liver.
The replacement liver would be his own. No one else's.
She could die at any time.
He is out of options. He has nothing left.
If you don't care, then she's as good as dead.
I don't know your face or if it might be worth anything to my Masters, but you travel with the accursed Zu and his death may at least settle some old scores.
Perhaps if I offer your head and track down that accursed Zu who has been seen in the area, enough old scores will be settled to earn my life.
You aren't there to kill, only to save.
I guess you aren't the one I'm looking for, then.
He cannot perform the operation himself.
If you won't help, then you're not the one I seek.
Death's Hand placed the machine here. It is said the Emperor himself brought pieces of some great celestial furnace back from the heavens.
There is no one else but you.
An interesting ploy: napping to attract our enemies. I prefer a more active approach. Let's keep moving.
You're all right! Thank the heavens. I did not need another death on my conscience.
Forget it. You aren't the one I'm looking for.
Ah, there you are. I knew you would come, and I have grown very good at waiting. You are very different from the student I once taught. Death changed you, I imagine.
My name is Aishi the Mournful Blade, and if you are another hunter come to claim my head, I suggest you turn around and walk away.
Citizen! I hear there is progress in the search for Creative Yukong! A scholar ran out of the Scholars' Garden after talking to you. Tell me you have good news!
Worried Peasant
These two scoundrels have eluded my best efforts, so I'm turning to bounty hunters. It's harder to run when your pursuers are not in a uniform.
I see no problem hunting down criminals, so long as we don't draw too much attention to ourselves.
This could be an entertaining diversion, and a good way to earn some extra silver.
While the silver's appealing, do we really have time to waste on this?
Ya Zhen: Wait, is he seriously saying that we would get paid for hunting people down? I'd have done it for free!
I'm searching for an arsonist and a notorious confidence man. Find and eliminate either one and there's a standard bounty in it for you.
Do you people have some sort of code that requires each one of you to bargain about this sort of thing?
[Success] I do enjoy going through this dance with each new contract. You've made your point.
[Success] Excellent! I haven't heard that one before. On sheer creativity, you've made your point.
[Success] Crafty! Well, since you've seen to the heart of the matter, I'll accept your point.
I'll add an extra percentage to both bounties and find some way to justify the extra cost to the Ministry of Harmony.
[Failure] I'm not open to negotiation on this, and I've heard virtually every argument as to why I should raise the bounties.
I swear you mercenaries want to bankrupt the Empire.
A wise decision. The two criminals are Fading Moon and Creative Yukong. Fading Moon is an arsonist who was last spotted heading for the Necropolis.
Creative Yukong has virtually disappeared, though we may be able to learn something from Lady Rento, the wife of the man Yukong bilked. She's in the Imperial Arena.
Want time to mull them over? I have more details to tell you when you're ready. Just ask.
With your obvious skills, it's a shame that you aren't willing to help the Empire. Very well, what can Captain Sen do for you, citizen?
Always a pleasure.
Yes, I heard that Fading Moon's arsons had ended. Excellent work. Burning the poor is troubling after a fashion, but the scholars and merchants? That was her mistake.
Forgive me, but Master Li does not want anyone entering or leaving the school.
Yes, yes, of course they do, and they shall have exactly as much protection as they can afford to contribute to the taxes.
Ha! Isn't that the truth! I couldn't have put it better myself, but some people get sensitive about the poor.
Yes, Creative Yukong was caught in the Scholars' Garden. Brilliant work. Only fools steal from those with the money and power to motivate men like me.
He's concerned about Dawn Star and doesn't want anyone to get in the way of you finding her. Especially after what happened to poor student Si Pat.
They never do. That's how these con men befuddle even great lords. I'm sure this Yukong had his punishment coming to him.
Here's your bounty, as we negotiated earlier.
Here's the standard bounty. Accept it with the thanks of the Empire.
Of course, you've been busy, haven't you?
Is there anything else that the Imperial Army can do for one of our fine citizens?
I don't have any news regarding the criminals who are still running free. Trust me, if you'd brought one in, I'd know about it.
Of course. I can give you some extra information on the bounties.
Fading Moon is an arsonist. Her first fires were in the poor quarters, but her last one spread to the Market District gate. Last we heard, she had escaped to the Necropolis.
I wish you the very best of luck, Senior Student. Find Dawn Star and be safe.
Yukong fleeced some silver from Lord Rento, a powerful man in the Ministry of Harmony. Yukong is a master of disguise, and he has hidden himself somewhere in the city.
Lord Rento is away on court business, but his wife informed me that she'd be in the Heart of the Empire in the Imperial Arena if we needed her. You could start there.
What else can I help you with?
That's not a name to utter lightly. She's a murderer wanted in every province for her crimes. There's a fine bounty on her head, but you'll never catch her.
She isn't. Every bounty hunter and glory seeker in the Empire would be on her. Since there have been no altercations, I know she's not here. I'll let you know if that changes.
It would be shorter to list the crimes she hasn't committed. She is a legend.
I suppose, but you'd have to look long and hard to find Aishi the Mournful Blade. Should you succeed... well, my condolences to your family.
Put her out of your mind. If such a criminal were in the city, I'd know about it and act immediately.
This is the Market District. If you cross this bridge, you'll reach the Golden Way, the Scholars' Garden, and the Necropolis.
The Black Leopard School is up the hill on the far side of the waterway, and the Imperial Arena is here in the Market District.
Of course not. I'm on duty here. Find Bai the Outcrier near the arena. He's paid well to answer those kinds of questions.
I know little more than what the honorable Lotus Assassin presented. Some treasonous southerner has been undermining the Ministry of Harmony and causing countless deaths.
The Lotus Assassins are never worried. Their control... their protection, I should say... of the Empire is absolute. What could threaten them?
I would like to advance, but I am not *cod6*angling.*cod6* I simply accept that the Lotus Assassins are the true power in the Empire, and I support them.
Sagacious Zu
The arable lands to the south, all the way to the useless jungles, which were left as nothing for the Monkey King, are fused into the mighty Jade Empire
To the east, Sagacious Tien has spread his light to the very waters themselves. And, lo, to the west he found enlightenment among the Hills of the Six Holy Scrolls!
Every ghost slips into madness over time, but some of us have a reason not to. We can fight back the longing and despair for a time.
I will wait. What choice do I have? I know the underworld is cut off, but I must try to fight through the despair and anger.
Messenger
We were thrust together by those who oversee this place. Trust us, only Brother Bu could appreciate acting as the wall between the lower fighters and the Ravager.
Brother Bu is aptly suited to the task of blocking things. But that is not the explanation you were looking for.
Strange Spirit
You have defeated the Lotus Assassins bent on recovering the Marvellous Dragonfly, and have recovered their flyer and a windmap to the Imperial City.*cod2*
The Watcher
Move along, move along. Nothing to see here.
Don't pester me, or I'll find something to arrest you for.
You looking for someone? Try Qui the Promoter. He knows everyone.
Talk to Mother Kwan
You don't care about us! Big people don't help us. They only want to hurt!
Imperial City
Ah, look who has come to see us. A mortal then? Shall we feast, brother?
Mmm, yes. I've always wanted to taste a woman like this. Such fine quality. Her screams will mean so much to me.
Yes, I want to hear his screams as I tear the skin from his bones.
You should respect your elders in all things.
Ya Zhen: Ah, now that's more like it. You can be a good person when you feel like it.
I've seen you fight. You put that spirit down good and proper. Better than the monks who used to come here, even. I reckon you've had training in this sort of thing.
Eh-heh, but you don't look like a monk, so you probably don't have their scruples about money, either. I... uh... come by a lot of valuables in my line of work. I can pay well.
Her baby? Not much. It's in one of the plots there, I'm sure. You can find it if you look. Hm... it was a long time ago. I don't even remember what its name was.
Hm... but it was short, I know that. Definitely less than 3 words. But... sorry, that's really all I remember.
His wife? She's still around in town I think. She lives down in the Market District near the entrance to the Black Leopard School. Why would you want to see her, though? She's already buried him.
Eh-heheh, digging through the ashes, is that it? Good luck... she's still hung up on him.
Trouble? Well, eh-heh, they've always been trouble. Every few years one would act up and we'd have to have some monks come by and put them down.
But now... now they're coming up all over the place. The last few years they've been becoming more and more common... and more of a problem as well.
Eh-heh, especially for me. They don't take to kindly when I try to... uh... tidy up their coffins and things. But it also means I can't use those areas of the Necropolis. It's too dangerous now!
Well, forever. There's always someone who doesn't rest too easy in their grave. Eh-heh, not here anyway. Every couple years some ghost would rise up and the monks would come and put him down.
You mentioned something about ghosts before.
Why are all these spirits causing trouble?
How long has this been going on?
What makes you think I can do this?
Press *cod7*FastAttack*cod8* to attack. Try to hit Jing Woo several times!
Tell me about Miss Chan.
Tell me what you know about her baby.
Tell me about Merchant Bai.
Tell me about Mister Ren.
Tell me about his wife.
I dealt with Miss Chan.
I dealt with Merchant Bai.
I dealt with Mister Ren.
Spiritrealm
Well done.
Player did well, with neither preference.
This is going to be exciting!
I like meeting new people. The Guardian and I think this is going to be a great adventure.
There's a clearing outside Tien's Landing. Wait for me there with the others.
Yes? Is there something I can do for you?
Yes. Yes I am. How do you know my name? Have we met?
Th.. thank you, for what you have done. I know I'll never truly forgive myself for what he has gone through... what I put him through.
Here is the reward I promised you. Please, take it.
I... I need to go now. To think... and to mourn his passing, since no others will. Thank you.
Please, just bring him peace.
My... my husband! My husband is dead! He... he has visited you and asked you to kill me?
And he still wants me dead. It... it breaks my heart to hear it. Even though he may never believe me, I know that he died only by accident, and I mourn him still.
Not a day goes by that I do not feel the pain of his passing.
No!
It should never have happened. I was preparing dinner for him, as I normally did, but I burned it, so I went and bought some food already prepared.
It... it was the salmon. I knew it smelled odd when I bought it, but the price was right, and I needed it in a hurry, and... and... I'm so ashamed!
Yes... yes it is, no matter what you say. I will live the rest of my life with this guilt. But what pains me more is that his spirit cannot rest.\n
I have tried to visit his grave, but his madness knows no bounds. He seeks to drive me away at all costs, I... I think he might even try to kill me.
Your performance was well received by scholar and peasant alike. Your version of the play didn't touch a particular nerve with either one of them.
His hatred is unreasoning but... understandable. He has never been able to listen long enough to have me explain what happened. It must be dreadful for him.
I... I don't know. If there was some way for you to give him peace... then yes, I think that could help. I can't bear to see him remain this way.
If... if that is what you think is best. Please, just bring him peace.
Player did well, hit both serious lines
Comp... compensated for it? You're that mercenary? What about our hearts? What about love?
[Success] I... I see. I will give you what I can. It's not much, but if it will help you bring all this to an end, then you can have it.
[Failure] No. Please, just bring him rest!
He... he never listens to me. He doesn't give me a chance, but... maybe if you were there with me. Could you be there with me? If you believe me, he might listen.
Yes... if we went together, he might listen. Can... can we go now, then? To see him?
Then... I eagerly await your return. I just want his pain to go away.
Be on the lookout for the Scourge of the South. It is your duty as citizens of the Empire to report anyone who matches this description.
It was not intentional! I will live the rest of my life with that guilt... and also the guilt of knowing that his spirit does not rest quietly because of it.
My husband's spirit? He still curses me in death?
Keep an eye out for a young woman wearing blue and gold robes.
Have... have you given him rest yet?
Forgive the interuption, but are you Ren Feng?
Your husband wants me to kill you.
I talked to him at his grave.
Use your Fight Style keys to switch to your weapon
The director may not be happy, but the scholars loved your soulful and deep presentation of Lady Fourteen Flowers. Chances are Incisive Chorus will feel the same.
Word spread that the Ravager boasted that he could beat all of us together, and so we accepted.
I prefer not to give that impression, but we have been placed in this situation by the Ravager, whose deadly nature requires our presence.\n
You worked things out with the Fongs yet?
Player did well, hit both Satirical segments
In time, perhaps, that will change. We will see.
Fighting as a group is not so bad. We provide a unique challenge for higher-level fighters, and fighting this way has its incentives.
Tragic, tragic, you know. But... that's life, right? Heh, that's death, too.
Well, stranger, eh-heh, you have some spirit to you. You fight like a demon! Those poor lost souls didn't stand a chance against you.
I could use the skills of a man like you. An honest working man like me can't compare with someone like you, but you can definitely help me with a problem I've been having.
I've got to dig the holes, fill them, and balance the books and everything. Nice proper burials, eh-heh. But now, with all these ghosts rising again, I've got problems.
No one seems to want to stay dead, and I can't go refunding all the burial money to all the families of the ghosts now... I can't afford it!
So, I just want you to do a little job for me. Nothing hard, just put the ghosts back where they belong. Quiet them down a bit.
There'll be a little bit in it for you as well, don't worry. Can't have you going away empty-handed, now, can we? Eh-heheh.
So, what do you say?
Just a moment of your time, please, then you can go on your way.
I could use the skills of a woman like you. Normally I don't think much of a woman in my line of work, but I think you can help me with a problem I've been having.
Eh? You come back to accept the job? I can pay you good money, you know!
There are a couple of restless spirits that just don't want to stay down. I need someone strong and capable to put them back where they belong.
Eh-heh, don't worry, though, there'll be a little something in it for you, too. How does a fistful of silver each sound?
So, you interested?
Great! Eh-heh, now those ghosts will know who's boss around here! Eh-heh.
Lord Yun has put out a call for aid. Will none of you answer?
Eh-heh, right then. Money always makes people come back, though.
If you change your mind, you can find me back at my house. That's where the money will be, eh-heheh.
Clay Figure
A small, virtually worthless clay figurine. Despite its lack of material value, the figurine is exquisite and strangely comforting to gaze upon.
Didn' hurt?
As I said, the trees in the Great Southern Forest sicken, and the paths fill with vicious ghosts.
No caravan dares to travel its depths, cutting off huge sections of the south from the Empire's heart, and Lord Yun collects no taxes when no one travels his lands.
You must leave Tien's Landing via the gate and follow the roadway to the north.
The path there is relatively safe, but travel beyond his camp and things worsen considerably.
Go safely, and remember what I've said: Lord Yun needs the help of able warriors like yourself.
Are there no warriors among you?
Do none of you seek honor?
Will none of you brave the Great Southern Forest?
I hear you have spoken with Lord Yun. This is good news indeed.
If I find any others with some color to their liver, I will send them to aid you. To be fair, I doubt I will be successful.
Finally! Someone approaches me. I was worried that this town's courage had drained away with the water.
It puts me ill at ease to think that a lake could be restored more easily than a man's spirit.
You look like a man who is trained for combat. Would you like to put those skills to the test?
You seem a woman who knows her way around a battlefield. Are you willing to put those skills to the test?
Not personally, no. On behalf of Lord Yun, I'm here to find a skilled warrior who can deal with a... unique problem.
A mercenary, are you? What else should I expect in this town? If you have the skills, then Lord Yun has the silver to pay for them.
You're insolent, but confident. You're exactly the kind of person Lord Yun is looking for, if you can watch your tongue in his presence.
The Great Southern Forest, which lies north of this village, suffers from a terrible disease.
Every tree within its borders sickens, and the place is infested with ghosts of all manners.
Lord Yun, my master, seeks a way to open the forest again and make it safe for travel. He is prepared to reward whoever aids him.
Hah!
I must remain vigilant for skilled warriors. Sadly, resolve and spirit seem precious commodities in this isolated spit of a town....
The blighted forest cuts these peasants off from the heart of our Empire, but still they do nothing. Fools.
Gonna get you!
Now you're gonna get it!
I'm gonna beat your face in!
Graah!
HaHA!
How do I reach the forest?
Goodbye.
You want to test me in combat?
If enough silver's on the line, I'm interested in whatever you have to say.
Why should I waste my time on a man begging aid at the side of the street?
Does anyone know what causes the sickness?
That sounds like an expensive problem to resolve.
You waste my time. I am no gardener!
S'better.
Ohhh, that can't be good.
Got ya!
Tong
What's happening in the forest again?
The grave-digging business sure is a killer, eh-heh.
What do you want?
Your time is over, old man. Just die already! Kill him!
[Failure] He was thinking of himself the entire time! I won't let him come back and try to rule my life like he did before! Kill him and get this over with!
I don't have time for this.
Tell me about this job again.
I'll do it.
Not right now.
Master Radiant teaches patience and peace... what's the point? Why study for years to be a great fighter if you're not allowed to use your skills?
Jizu was... insane. He loved death. He hungered for it. He fed on it. Even his own, I guess. I wasn't thinking. I shouldn't have freed him first. Maybe not at all.
My spirit was bound to this place, trapped by the man who killed me. Strangler Jizu's hate kept me chained in death, just like I kept him chained in life.
But you destroyed Jizu. His hold on me is broken. My spirit is free.\n
I am not your enemy. I will not fight you. And soon, you will have no need to fight me.
All ghosts must be destroyed!
Master Smiling Hawk believes in using our power to take what we want! He's the true master of Black Leopard School.
Why would he kill you if you were trying to save them?
There must be something more I can do to help you.
Talk to First Brother Kai if you want to know more about the school.
Jizu didn't know how to finish the job and disperse you properly. I do.
I believe there can be honor inside the Closed Fist and intrigue behind the Open Palm. The key is to understand why you act as you do.\n
Goodbye, ghost.
That's why I never try to help anyone.
Only cowards threaten children.
How can he speak to her like that? She's just a little girl.
Poor girl. I would not want to be in her shoes.
I don't know who that man is, but he deserves to have something bad happen to him. We should see if there is a way we can help her.
The city can be a harsh place for children, but we don't have time to help them all.
She's all alone, with no one to help her. I think we should help her if we can.
We don't have time to be playing with children. Let's keep moving.
Guilty or innocent, who cares? Hang 'em all and we'll drink to their deaths!
A difficult situation to be placed in. I hope we are up for the challenge.
Slave traders! If there's one thing I can't abide, it's slavers. We have to  put an end to their trading.
I've already told you more than I should. Now, do you want to fight or not?
Do we have time to deal with this? I didn't agree to join you so we could solve everyone else's problems.
It's a noble idea, trying to help this Songtao, but I have a feeling it's going to be more trouble than it's worth.
The least he could have done is bought us some wine.
That was very noble of you. I've never known anyone else who would risk so much to help a complete stranger. You surprised even me.
I feel much better knowing those slavers have been shut down. If only I had known you when my daughter was taken from me.
That was a lot of work for very little reward. You certainly have a strange way of going about things.
He better pay handsomely for all the trouble he's put us through.
I can't believe you let him go... and accused Songtao! And for what? For a little money. Your casual concern for the truth disturbs me.
The only good thing to come of this is the fact that the slavers are closing their doors. But they'll return... they always do. But you could have stopped them.
Well, at least that's out of the way. Now we need to find evidence of our own... unless you've forgotten completely about Death's Hand and my father.
Well, that turned out more profitable than I would have imagined.
It is my duty and my honor to share my wisdom with you, a fellow Spirit Monk. Watch closely and I will teach you the ways of the Spirit Monks.
Do what you want. I'm always up for a fight. Just find me when you're ready.
You are now standing in the greatest fighting school in all the Empire. Black Leopard School has no rivals, anywhere.
It was an accident?
It doesn't matter if it was accident. I will kill you now.
Yes, and I'll do it now!
Keep an eye out for a young girl wearing red and blue silks. She is quick and agile.
Keep an eye out for a young woman covered from head to toe in plum-colored armor.
Tell me about how your husband died.
It's not your fault.
I think that's a fair guess.
Maybe it would be better if I put him to rest.
Come with me to explain it to him.
I'll destroy him myself.
Reports suggest that she may be a demon spirit, able to change her form at will.
I'll destroy him myself... but I think I should be compensated for it.
[Intimidation] Love doesn't buy me anything. Money does.
I'll destroy him myself, then.
[Charm] The perfect gift is the one most dearly bought.
[Intuition] Only a motivated person can succeed. Show me *your* motivation.\n
The director was impressed enough with your reading of the new rendition of the play that he offered you a bonus. The peasants screamed with joy as well, though something tells you Incisive Chorus wasn't quite hoping for that reaction.
Why don't you explain it to him?
Player did not do well at all
Let's go now.
No one person can be good at all things, and it seems that your inner thespian packed up and left in a previous life. The crowd seems to have agreed.
Return to Incisive Chorus
Return to Incisive Chorus, who is waiting out in the city streets.
Good play, Neither preference
Incisive Chorus seemed pleased that the play was well received, and he was relieved that you didn't read the satirical lines, but he would have preferred his version.
Good play, Serious
Ecstatic with your performance, Incisive Chorus rewarded you for your accurate portrayal of his *cod6*vision.*cod6*
All of heaven's blessings guide him, but Sagacious Tien has been absent from the palace for such a time! His conquests of the northern kingdoms have kept his light from us!
Raking... sand, you say? Ah.... I see you are speaking in metaphors.
Surely you mean the far edge! The Horse Lord camps broken behind him!
A great river? How very... interesting. I'm sure the icy winds must have cut at him.
Are you certain that was not when he was in the west, walking alone among the Hills of the Six Holy Scrolls?
There has been nothing but the gentle drafts of spring here in the Imperial City for weeks!
With such chill in the air, was this some time ago?
Ah, yes, for while things can seem warm, ice can lock away all that warmth from the people's hearts.
And the sun becomes locked away where none can see its warming face.
I have heard such stories! A land where even the houses are made of snow, and the moose and beaver run wild.
Er, I suppose it would have to have been in order to account for my lady's passage south.
Prophecy, is it? I see that the good lady toys with Fortunate Puzzle. For surely we mortals can know nothing of the future or of events far away from the capital.
Indeed, I suspect that the true story lies in how far north the Emperor's reach has spread.
My lady, I sense that there is more to your story than I have gleaned. Perhaps my own perceptions blind me!
It seems to me that some part of your story remains untold. Do my questions block the truth?
Tell me this, if nothing else, good lady. When the cry for peace rose up, who was it that our great Emperor turned to?
Two Drops the Poisoner? He is considered a great confidant of the Emperor, I believe.
The heavens had turned to him? These words, are they riddles?\n
The lady plays at games that are not appreciated at the court. You were... *are* but a representative of your people, not one of the Emperor's closest advisors.
The... very earth spoke to him. I can believe this, for the Emperor has always been very aware of his place in this world.
Alone! This is insufferable! Where were his guards?
Wait! What word is this from the front?
What happened to cease the expansion of the Empire, dear lady?
Pfaw! The Horselords would have been crushed.
Bored! To think that.... I question our lady's dedication to the Empire. The reports I have here indicate that the Emperor was halted by a celestial event of great portent!
This report has it that the Emperor's advance was halted by a celestial event. The brightest of shooting stars tracing a path across the northern sky.
That... must be a metaphor. I read here that a shooting star traced a bright path across the sky.
A celestial event? Most auspicious!
And so our most noble Emperor saw a sign from the heavens. Our mighty armies poised to crush the Horselords and stretch the Empire to the ends of the earth, but we stopped.
For now, even I see that there are limits to ambition, and overreaching those limits invites nothing but disaster! All praise the Emperor, for his wisdom is infinite!
Plot Points
This allows you to load a game at any plot point.
Saved Games
Back again? What for? You don't even make a proper coward; you keep coming back for more.
Well, ready to set the ponies in motion, are we? Let's declare some rules and get to it. You don't mind if I make this interesting, do you?
I'm afraid we have more pressing matters than simple sparring. Let's deal with these bandits first.
Servant Ji
Your debate with the Outlander showed great understanding and intelligence. I hope you are equally proficient at combat.
He balks at our attempts to calm him and answers requests for payment with strange coins of questionable value. He needs to go.\n
The Outlander is not a dignitary or a traveling merchant. He is a parody of civilized behavior. He spews insults at the Emperor himself!
That's what's so infuriating! He doesn't respond to reason! He proposes challenges we don't understand and then declares himself the winner.
Several of our brightest have faced him, but as soon as they get the better of him, he sets off his strange firework and says they are beaten.
Normally the peasants like it when we intellectuals are maligned, but they tire of his presence, too. Getting rid of this nuisance will endear you to many.
I hope your ability matches your conviction. Several others have fallen short, despite their outrage at his antics.
That is not the conviction I was hoping for, but no one else has been able to help, so it will have to do. At your convenience, then.
He is in the Scholars' Garden, and no amount of opposition has moved him. Please, I hope you will prove to be a worthy opponent.
I had hoped you would be more supportive of your culture, but if that is your decision, I will not waste my breath on you.
If you change your mind, however, I doubt the Outlander will be leaving soon. He lectures continually in the Scholars' Garden. No one can dislodge him.
He has refused to move a muscle until someone meets his terms. He proposes challenges we don't understand and then declares himself the winner.
We don't want a murder. We just want order restored. But he doesn't respond like we do; he proposes challenges we don't understand and then declares himself the winner.
Everyone here overheard your talk with the Outlander. Why did you refuse his test? Weren't you disgusted by his insults?
I heard you accept the Outlander's challenge. I am grateful you have seen fit to defend us all.
Is there something else I can do for you? We eagerly await word of your progress with the Outlander.
We are perfection! Servants of the Mother, an ancient demon of great strength!
This city hosts many visitors. Why is he so different?
Perhaps I can reason with this Outlander.
I will teach him not to mock our culture.
Maybe when I have time. Leave me.
If that's all I'll gain, then my answer is no.
I'll send him packing.
Should I just kill him outright?
This is a job for the city guard, not me.
Combat Mode
You have the keen eyes of an educated man. Know the ins and outs of philosophical debate, do you? Well, what about your twos and fours? What of them?
Ah, you look quick with your fists, but I'll wager your head falls behind. Too much time slapping each other and not enough time strapped to a desk in a decent classroom.
As amusing as your savage dances are, once again I have proven the superiority of setting your nose to the grindstone and not mucking about.\n
Now, bring some refreshments in a proper mug, or I'll take back the coins of my home and country! Don't you heathens know the worth of a proper king's halfpenny!
Er, generous visitor, if our customs are so displeasing to you, perhaps you should find lodging elsewhere?
Please?
And leave you lot to your primitive ways? Tell them what I think of that, squire Percival.
Good lad. Found him wading in the mud planting weeds. You can't keep your crackers crisp doing that! God help you if you don't know the horror of a soggy biscuit.
I've given him dignity, and unless one of you has the will to deny that I'm your better, I suggest you start learning. We'll have you in proper trousers by the morrow.
Eh, what's that? Someone stepping to the fore? Let's have a look at you.
A woman? My dear, I'm not sure what topsy cradle you fell from, but in my country a lady knows her place. Unless she's queen.
The simple truth is that I have bested every one of you who has come forward, whether in tests of wit or combat. You face a champion of king and country.
Now, I didn't ask to land here, but if a storm is going to cast my ship into the very heart of such a dark empire, I'll bring the light of knowledge wherever I can.
You must hunger for guidance. You're like children. I mean, only a handful of you can even grow a decent moustache! What kind of place is this?
Can you now? Shall we put that to a test? I welcome the chance that you might impress me with a glimmer of intelligent insight.
But, I will acknowledge that I am likely to disagree just because I know you are... lacking. We will need educated men to judge the merits of our arguments.
You have nothing to prove because you have nothing at all. Where are your towering halls of business? Where are the great open mines that fuel a healthy land?
And what, pray tell with honesty, do you think you are doing with that great bloody palace floating in the sky? That is just wrong in any right-thinking country!
So be it. If you don't want to learn, just step away and let me lead by example. I'll drag this land to respectability one mind at a time if I have to.
Is that your answer? To throw yourself into mindless combat? That only proves my point. The lot of you could bury me with bodies, but I'll still be your better.
But, if you want to bring more to the table--and a decent height table, none of this *kneeling* malarkey--I will grant you a chance to prove you are adequate.
Ah, you're a large fellow, aren't you? Certainly room enough for brains in there, but I doubt if you have any more sense than the rest of this crowd.
Who are you to judge? Some barbarian from outside the Empire.
You insult a noble and ancient people, Outlander.
Sir, your arrogance is astounding. We are a cultured people.
You blind yourself with prejudice. I can prove you wrong.
Arguments? What kind of contest are you looking for?
Explore Mode
Some sort of debate? Are you afraid to face me in battle?
We have nothing to prove to you.
I have no interest in this contest. You are not worth debating.\n
I'll make you eat those words, Outlander!
Then, we'll see how you fare in combat. I doubt you'll do very well. Like the rest, you're all just too damn skinny.
It's more likely I'll teach the rest by making an example of you. Here, these five standing about will be our judges. They look like a varied lot.
Not until you've earned the right. Your people claim to be honorable. If you attack without my agreement, you'll have proved my point.
You've already seen the results of that. The young man before you wanted to progress to combat without meeting my conditions. I soundly put him down.
So, for all your complaints about me being closed-minded, you refuse to debate me? It's as I said; you are a backward and unenlightened people.
Return when you have the spine to put your mind to the test. Until then, go plant a field or some such.
Haw! Any dog can bite, but very few can speak. I've gone to pains to learn your barbaric tongue, only to find that none of you has much to say.
Have you changed your mind? Are you willing to debate the heart of your supposedly enlightened culture? We'll follow that with a test of physical prowess, as well.
You do your countrymen no favors. So be it. I'll go back to schooling these fools on the proper way to deliver a timely brew. Bowls are for soup, you curs!
Good! I don't want to set you off your game, but I thought we should ensure that the process was more entertaining than a simple checklist of virtue.
I just want to make sure this is more entertaining than simply blathering about whose walls are higher or whose philosophers really know what's what.
The best course is to appeal to the individual preferences of the judges. We are... theoretical thinkers, really.
I've gone to great pains to learn your barbaric tongue, only to find that none of you have much to say. Can you convince me otherwise?
I've heard a distinct lack of couplets and quatrains, to say nothing of pentameters. Is it any wonder you people live as you do?
I charge you with defending the heart of your people. If a group of judges determines that you have adequately done so, I will declare you the winner.
Er, whoever you wish. These five, standing here. I'm sure there will be a balance of opinion. The test must be fair.
Go on, talk to them all to prove I haven't coerced them. We'll begin the debate when you are ready.
I'll humiliate you here and in combat later.
Bah, this is no way to compete! Let combat decide!
I don't agree to this. It's a waste of time.
As I said, it's a waste of my time.
I will abide by whatever requirement you set.
What kind of change are you planning?
Very well. I will agree to this. Who shall judge?
All right. Goodbye.
Each time you delay, he spends another hour insulting the very heart of our people. Please, if you are going to help, do so soon.
This is not an issue of name-calling. If he returns to whatever barbarian king he follows and says that we are simple and weak, who knows what might happen?
We can't keep him cooped up in here forever. Sooner or later he'll attract the attention of the Lotus Assassins. That's bad for all of us. Please reconsider.
I would be honored to sit in judgment of the debate. Several of my fellow scholars have also volunteered.
To do otherwise would only help the Outlander win in the long run. If he wants a true debate, we will allow it to progress fairly.
Of course, I doubt his arguments will have the weight that he expects. Not here in the heart of the Jade Empire.
No. That would only prove his accusations that we cannot defend our culture on fair terms. We can't give in to that temptation.
It is unfortunate that you could not defeat the Outlander in the debate. I had hoped he would come to understand us.
I should be going.
Nothing, thanks. Goodbye.
No, thanks. Goodbye.
I will get to it. Give me time.
I am beyond his petty attacks.
I trust you will judge fairly?
This will be simple. Just agree with everything I say.
Stumbled across? You mean stole.
We're free! We're free!
Let's get out of here!
Not as such. The Lotus Assassins want to deal with this traitor personally. I don't envy anyone who has attracted that kind of attention.
Sentry Statue
Attack: None*cod2*Support: Drops wine jugs that enable the Drunken Master style.*cod2**cod2*Drunken Master*cod2*Martial style, can complete a Hamonic Combo*cod2**cod2*Pick up Hou's wine jugs to activate Drunken Master style. This style does much more damage than other Martial styles, but it is only available for a short time once activated. Picking up more wine jugs extends the duration of Drunken Master style. *cod2**cod2*Henpecked Hou is a master bun maker and a former fighting champion. He refuses to fight these days out of respect for his beloved wife.
Speak with Kang to access Dragonfly mini-games and to travel. *cod2**cod2*The aptly named Kang the Mad is the brilliant inventor of the Marvelous Dragonfly. While he won't join in on a fight, he offers perilous adventures of his own.
Attack: Dual Sabers*cod2*Support: Recovers your Focus*cod2*Sky's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*Sky is a dashing rogue and a skilled thief with a tongue as sharp as the twin sabers he uses in combat.*cod2**cod2*
There is no such thing. If the Lotus Assassins have identified a treasonous criminal, you can be assured that person is guilty of something or will be soon.
Spider Suya
No! This cannot be! No one can defeat me! Even when your Lotus Assassin master wrested the amulet from me, he did so by foul trickery.
Forgive me, great one. This gem I guard is meant for you. Take it, and know that I, Chai Ka, am your loyal servant, sworn to protect you.
Gem Repository
Game Credits
Creature
Now, wait a minute! These slaves will be house servants. I'll not have my guests served by a young woman with burns and marks on her face!
You can have your slaves when they're broken. Not a moment before.\n
Goodbye. Take care of yourself.
Amulet Inventory
Select Gem
You have our gratitude, but not our trust. Take your silver and go, thin-blood, and we will part in peace.
That was a term of respect. Your strength of both body and will are obvious. They surround you like an aura!
If you saw no one then he must have met his end. Damn her, I know this is the work of the Forest Shadow; she has taken another from us.
We hoped we had found a way to deal with the fox, but we were wrong.
Some. She does not attack us here at the inn. Those few we have dared send out to the forest do not return.
To the Necropolis
Please, don't burn me! I'll do anything you want!
I'm sure you will, child, but deep inside you think you're not a slave. Only true pain will wash away these thoughts.
Help me, please!
You wandered into the wrong room, slave!
You deserve it! It was an honor to face you.
Dogs nipping at my heels aren't worthy of watching!
The alignment of portents suggested that you would rise quickly. Congratulations, champion.
That is something best discovered for yourself. Suffice it to say that if you stand against it, the battle will be memorable.
Hooray for Mother Kwan! Her teahouse is back in business!
People, listen to me: Master Dutong has left. This brave young lady exposed him for the fraud that he was. The teahouse is mine again!
Hey, hold this!
Ha! Explody things!
Xbox Live
I was wondering when we'd find time to be alone. Everyone has been hovering about you since... you got back.
Enlightened Stage
Support
*cod7**cod9**cod8* Rat Demons defeated.
Not my problem, see? Just... well....
It damn well is your problem! Because of you, I don't have a home to go back to anymore! The neighbors all think I'm dead, and my son isn't about to correct them!
What in the name of the Emperor am I supposed to do with a useless old man?
Give me my life back, that's what!
You were dead! You're supposed to be buried! I did what I was paid for!
Because of you, I don't have a home to go back to anymore! The neighbors all think I'm dead, and my son isn't about to correct them!
What? Why should I? I should be back in my home, running my own life my own way!
Yeah, well if everyone thinks you're dead, the next time you show up there, they'll likely be ready with torches to make sure you stay dead this time.
Just like my son to do that sort of thing, the ungrateful wretch.
It's not much of a life, but it won't be like someone's trying to kill you.
Well, maybe I could lay low for a little while here. I know a minister in the Scholars' Garden, maybe he would help me.
Sure, sure, whatever. Now, I'm not gonna pay you for sitting around on your behind all day, so get to work!
[grumble] Right, right. This is all just an act, right? As a cover for me while I reclaim my home?
Uh... yeah, sure. Now get shoveling!
You... you wouldn't!
Oh no! He's gone crazy! Run for it!
Oh no! She's gone crazy! Run for it!
I've seen the alternative! Looking up at the inside of a coffin isn't my idea of a life!
Well, what am I supposed to do? You can't go back to your family, and you won't die like you're supposed to.
The next time you show up at home, they'll likely be ready with torches to make sure you stay dead this time.
You can damn well make sure you....
Look, I keep telling you this isn't....
Elder Tanner Fong has been kicked out by his son.
I've brought Elder Tanner Fong back to you. Deal with it.
Couldn't you stay here with Shen?
Why don't you work with Shen for a bit?
I don't really care what you two do. I'm leaving.
I think the easiest way to solve this is to get rid of both of you.
Well, life is tough. The alternative is worse.
I'll leave you two alone to sort this out,
Here, what about this one? At least it's a woman, like they said.
Hmm... we could hold her anyway. It's not a good match, but the Lotus Assassins would leave us be for a few days while they question her.
Dragonfly Landing Pad
To the Inner Courtyard
Game Demos
Launch game demos.
Free the slaves.
Break down the door to the slave cage and free the slaves within.
Find Fuyao.
Fuyao is somewhere in the Pirate Lair. Find her and, if necessary, rescue her.
When the slaves in the Pirate Lair were freed, Yifong begged you to find her daughter Fuyao, who was taken deeper into the pirate base. The slaves are anxious to escape, but they will wait for a short time in hopes that Fuyao can be found.
Fuyao Freed.
Yifong's daughter Fuyao was on the verge of being tortured by a pirate slave breaker in the Pirate Lair. You freed her, and she ran downstairs to be reunited with her mother. She and the rest of the slaves will now flee the pirate lair.
Fuyao on her own
Get Red Silk Grass from Old Ming
Ha! People will be talking about *your* time in the Imperial Arena now.\n
Fen Do, the merchant, has asked me to see Old Ming, who usually hangs around the statue of the Emperor, to get some red silk grass he needs to produce the medicinal wraps
Villager
Wild Flower
You are establishing your victories as a tradition. It certainly bodes well to see a champion who continues to fight.
How interesting that you would fail to win, despite being champion. This is surprising, but not unheard of in the history of this place.
This is turning out to be an excellent day. Most austipacatious indeed!
You will face the flashing blade of Crimson Khana, the stern resolve of Iron Soldier, and the... troublesome triveriate of the Sung brothers.
The Water Dragon's power was tied to her temple at Dirge and the strength of her servants. When the Spirit Monks were slain and Dirge fell, she became vulnerable.
In honor of your status as champion, I believe we can spare you the details.
Fawning Lacky
Kia Ming from the school asked me to get her some medicinal wraps from the merchant Fen Do in the village. Fen Do requires me to fetch some red silk grass from Old Ming so he produce the wraps.
Two Rivers School
Dr. An
Talk to your followers to learn more about them.
Yes, we need to talk!
This is the home of our mistress, the Forest Shadow. For lack of a better metaphor, she is at war with a foul demon known as the Mother.
Find Area
Climb the bridges between the islands. Her home lies above us on the highest of the islands. Go carefully. More demons are coming. I can smell it.
If I must.
The Mother will not win this day, no matter how many demons she sends!
Bringer of pain!
Destroyer of lives!
Untold slaughter!
Ravager of the ages!
I hate the constant push of the crowds, don't you? At least I'll be gone from here soon.
I have the finest selection of seed. I carry excellent baskets, wonderful fishnets, and superb boat scrubbers.
I have a cloak so warm it's like a weapon against the cold. I have a scrubber so good that it cleans like magic.
Who wouldn't want a basket so big you can carry two babies in it?
Very well. When you're ready to spend, I am ready to sell.
I was at the market buying food when the flood came. I ran back to the orphanage, but the water was too high. There was nothing I could do!
I... I didn't! I wasn't even there! I was at the market buying food when the flood came. I ran back to the orphanage, but the water was too high. There was nothing I could do!
I am afraid I do not. Just a few years ago, you could find wind maps everywhere, although only the rich needed them, with their airship racing.
Recently, the wind maps have disappeared. I know that when the Emperor's men left Tien's Landing, they took all the wind maps with them.\n
I apologize for that indignity, but it was necessary. It was also meant to be the end of you, but you surprised me again. I should have studied your people before wiping them out.
The water kept rising! I had to flee. I came here with the other survivors and settled this town. I tried to start a new life. But everywhere I go, I see little faces watching me.
As the water rose, we clawed at the door until our fingernails came off. Then we clawed at the window. When the water was too high, we clawed at each other. Then we stopped.
Other children survived. Their families helped them, and they lived. But nobody thought about the orphans. We had no families to watch out for us.
Eunuch
Who knows, I might even emerge the winner from our match. I hear you and I are due to meet next.
Clear
Very impressive. I can see the masters were right to let you train with us. Thank you for the fight.
Servant
Defeat Sixth Brother Gaoshan
You cannot level up this type of style.
The Abbot
Gate
used.
Item Lost: *cod7**cod9**cod8*
[With the seal restored, this fountain is now cleansed.]
Reconciled
[The fountain is dead and lifeless.]
Normally, I wouldn't speak openly about such things, but you are new, and your skill will draw his attention. Be careful... Master Smiling Hawk is a dangerous man.
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Amulet pieces
Judge Fang's Ring
I have not heard those names in many years. Miao... Miao was the best of my wards. She was like an assistant to me, always caring for the babies, putting everyone to bed.
Miao was strong; she did not give up easily. As for Bin, I recognize the name. A quiet boy, I think. I barely remember him. But they are gone now. All of them.
ERROR: GLOBAL NAME NOT FOUND IN Globals.2DA
Her physical form could be injured, but she was also a god. Maybe her spirit still exists, I don't know. I'm no expert on the heavens.
Not bad. I'm sure one day you'll make an excellent fighter.
You aren't going to kill me? I don't understand. What do you want from me? Must I continue this life of guilt and sorrow?
You... you don't have to drag me. It... it is time. I must face the demons of my past. I must end this, once and for all. I will go with you and accept whatever fate awaits me.
Find the Foo.
Search for the Foo
Punch
Placeholder standard punch description.
plotman
He is gone, isn't he? Taken by the Lotus Assassins, just as he thought? He knew they were always searching. They are right to fear him and his legacy.
Dirge - Temple Courtyard
Dragonfly
Kick
Placeholder standard kick description.
Slam
Placeholder standard slam description.
Placeholder standard clear description.
Cannot load: old save game version
Unknown error when loading game.
Why did you let the orphans die?
plotgiver
But when your abilities are so much greater than those around you, there is the temptation to set everything right by might alone. That is tyranny from within.
reset
cutscene
Tell me about Bin and Miao.
Billy
This is Billy, how dare you look at him!
Oh so Stylish!
And now that Kia Min is feeling better, maybe you'd like to challenge her record in my little training exercise.
At night, you can hear strange sounds coming from the ruins.
That Dutong is lucky he ran off when he did. I can't believe he'd cheat Old Mother Kwan like that.
The poor waitress in this place is so overworked--not that the owner cares. Selfish jerk!
I was afraid to leave the town because of the pirates, but now everybody's saying they're gone.
Minister Sheng's done nothing about those pirates! Someone should complain to the Emperor about him!
Hale and hearty travels to you, then!
Yesh... jusht go! Like all the resht. They all go and leave Three Sheetsh all alone. All alone.
Usually I mix it with water so he doesn't get too drunk too fast, but I could start sending it to him unmixed.
It won't be quite that easy. I've watched Dutong for quite a while, and when he's drinking he usually goes through three stages of drunkenness.
Don't worry about that. He never passes out, no matter how much he drinks. Actually, he usually goes through three stages of drunkenness.
Yeah, I guess there's nothing we can do now. So, anything else you need? Want some free advice? I could use the practice.
Old Mother Kwan used to run the place, until Dutong bought it. Well, *cod6*buy*cod6* isn't quite right.... It's complicated. Talk to Mother Kwan if you want the whole story.
I used to steep the tea here. They called me Steeper Yanru. But now Dutong says I'm going to be the new barkeep. I'll have to give out advice and wine in equal doses.
I shouldn't speak ill of my boss, but I don't trust him. Maybe it's because he's not from the town. He just showed up one day with that Imperial Writ and took over.
I can't say too much about him. He's my boss, after all. Mostly, he just sits in the corner and drinks his wine until he gets drunk.
It's a shame Mother Kwan had to give the place up. She didn't waste her days getting drunk, and she didn't make me practice giving out advice all day so I could become a barkeep!
It's complicated. If you want the whole story, talk to Old Mother Kwan. I'll just keep practicing my advice.
The sailors are gone, and the river is back to normal. Things are finally looking up in Tien's Landing!
It isn't safe for a young lady in Tien's Landing anymore. Not with so many drunken sailors around.
You should tell Mother Kwan you got her teahouse back for her. I can't wait until she's back in charge.
The restorative tastes pretty foul, but it does the job. Works instantly and makes a man sober as an Imperial Judge. Dutong's guard keeps a vial handy at all times, just in case.
The guard gave me a few vials so I could slip them into Dutong's wine when he starts to get paranoid. Keeps him from getting out of hand.
Good, good. Go speak to Dutong. If he's not drunk enough, or if he's too drunk, come back and see me, and I'll mix him up another drink.
We'll get him to admit he's a cheat and a sneak! Then Old Mother Kwan will be back in charge, and I won't ever have to give out another bit of bad advice!
But... but you said you'd help. You said you'd get Dutong to confess. Please... don't give up now! I hate working for him! I don't want to go back to giving out bad advice.
Just... just think about it, okay? And if you need any help with Dutong--getting him drunk, sobering him up--you come see me.
That Imperial Writ has caused us no amount of grief. Mother Kwan lost her teahouse, Waitress Yanwan is busier than ever, and I spend all day giving out foolish advice.
Mother Kwan saw it, though her eyes aren't too good. Most of us didn't bother to give it a look, since hardly anyone in the town can read anyway.
What? You mean... it wasn't real? That means Mother Kwan should still own the teahouse!
Problem is, Dutong's already shown everyone the writ, and now he's got it locked away. If you're right, he'd never bring it out again. There's no way to prove he cheated Mother Kwan.
That... that might work. It would probably help if you get him drunk, first. That's something I can help you with. Dutong's always having me send over wine.
Tell me about this restorative potion.
I'll be back in a bit.
I don't have time to help Mother Kwan.
I want to talk about Dutong and his Imperial Writ.
I know he's an Imperial Minister, but if you ask me, Sheng is completely incompetent.\n
It's good to have things back the way they were. Mother Kwan is a much better owner than Dutong.
If Three Sheets keeps running this place so poorly, he's going to lose his customers!
Did you hear? The pirates are gone. Somebody wiped out the whole lot of them. Good riddance, I say!
My cousin disappeared last month. Nobody knows for sure, but I bet the pirates took him!
I was afraid those sailors would never leave! Now that they're gone, things can get back to normal.
If Sheng doesn't do something about those sailors soon, they'll overrun the whole town.
I hoped Minister Sheng had come here looking for a wife, but all he wants is to get back to the Imperial City.
You did a good thing, helping Old Mother Kwan out. We're all grateful.
Did anyone ever see the actual writ?
I think the writ was a forgery!
Old Mother Kwan has nothing now. She should've grabbed herself a husband when she had the chance!
I heard the ruins are haunted by the ghosts of those who died in the flood.
The river is rising again. There's bound to be some good marriage prospects coming in soon!
Maybe I can make Dutong confess.
Get him drunk and I'll get a confession out of him.
Just don't get him so drunk he passes out.
Ah, once more you try to restore me. My lost family was just one more tool. If they had ever meant more than that, I would have been present when they fell.
I killed hundreds of your kind, thousands, just for the *chance* to become a god. I can't let you live now that I *am* one! I am more than Sun Hai ever was!
Hello. You aren't welcome here. You should leave.
Do you? What am I?
Oh, very lofty. I am the scourge that must be destroyed. Why? What have I done, Spirit Monk? Because of me, the Empire has water. I deserve to lead it.
Is that all, Spirit Monk? I was sure you would present some lofty ideal, hoping a twinge of conscience would weaken my resolve.
I see. So you will take advantage of all the planning I have done and attempt to steal my destiny, Spirit Monk?
Just a man? No, I don't think so. If the last Spirit Monk must return from the dead to oppose me, I am far more than that.
Does it? Does it really? No, Spirit Monk, I am far from beaten.
An impressive display. Your star shines bright, but it is still trapped within a mortal body.
Once again, I misunderstand. The raw energy... you are far too resistant to it.
Will you not give one last thought to your family?
And you have surprised me, but I know what you are now.
A taint to be excised.
A long-suffered headache.
A rival to cast aside.
Just a man, and you need to be reminded of it.
Cease your prattling, Li. This ends now.\n
You have come. Destiny set this moment in motion, but from here, your choices are your own to make.
For some things this is true, but if you look too closely at the current crisis alone, you risk upsetting a greater balance. That was the mistake made here.
Behold. Words would not have sufficed. You had to see with your own eyes to truly know my fate. This cannot continue!
Fight them! Show them that such things will not go unpunished!
This is what he has done. This is what your Master Li allowed. For twenty years my body has bled, separate from the spirit, feeding the Empire and the Emperor.
It is an agony that you cannot fathom. To have fallen so far into the hands of men. Rebirth is impossible while this continues.
By all the heavens!
This... this is not right. Gods... gods do not bleed!
Forgive us, Great Dragon. Our mortal kin are ignorant, foolish, unkind. These crimes will not go unanswered.
You small creatures, you heard the sounds of battle, but are you truly prepared? What will become of your world if my kind fall to the same evils that plague you?
Your Master commands that you find her; if not to bring her back, then to teach her captor that this will not be tolerated. Gao insults your accomplishments with this action.
Your Master Li must be stopped. The Empire must find balance without the flow of heart-water he has unleashed.
The reign of Emperor Sun saw my abuse, but Sun Li the Glorious Strategist laid the plans. One could not occur without the other.
It was never his intent to let brother Hai rule. Had his plan initially succeeded, your Master would be Emperor, and you would have been destroyed with the others of your kind.
I feel as though this could absolve my father of blame, but seeing what was done here.... He was beyond my help.
You are a Spirit Monk, charged with guarding the order of things. You were not born to this role, but as the last, a solemn duty falls at your feet.
I cannot be healed. My body has been cut open, my heart removed. I should rejoin the Great Wheel, but I am defiled and cannot rest.
Rebirth can only come when my essence is free. To defeat your Master, you must stop the power he draws from me. Soon he will be too strong, even for you.
Your Master abuses the amulet he took from you. His brother did not have that luxury, so he needed to draw my essence slowly. The toll on his body was grave.
Emperor Sun did not have the amulet. He had to draw my essence slowly, or it would overwhelm him. Even so, it took a horrible toll on his body.
Your Master does not have to be so cautious. The amulet is not a source of power, but it *is* a focus.
He partakes of energy that mortals were never meant to hold. He laps at it greedily, expecting your return.
You must destroy the source of that power. You must destroy my body. When he falls, all that is mine will then rejoin my spirit. Rebirth.
There is no other decision to make. This desecration... we must undo it.
Then let it be so. Take hold of a blade, Spirit Monk, and let it strike true. Destroy the machine that maintains this abomination.
The Great Wheel must turn.
Defeat the Spirits of your Classmates
It is the wisest decision. A pity such power could not have been put to constructive use.
A good step toward rectifying this desecration.
It is clear that nobody involved had the will to properly command this energy. So be it.
To what end? Look what has become of our Master. Look what he has been a part of.
Beware what you say, for you are still mortal and open to the same weaknesses he and his brothers displayed!
It seems that you learned your lessons in the spirit realm a little too well. Yes, blood from your mortal companions *could* be used to poison my body.
The energy flowing to Sun Li would be disrupted, making him vulnerable. Defeat him and my power would remain trapped in this body for you to use.
You could claim his place, become a god. As the blood poison waned, your power would surpass his and eventually consume my very being.
But the water that flows from me now sustains the Empire. If you poison my body, you poison wherever that water flows. You would taint the heart of the Empire.
No matter the cost? Even if you destroy that destiny? You can't truly be considering this.
No, I will not allow this. We would trade one tyrant for another.
One murderer for another? I cannot support this!
Dirge - Cave
He's freed the slaves! You'll pay for that, maggot!
Thank you for the opportunity to learn from you. Goodbye.
What do you say? One match before we finish up?
Zeng Sai
npccbt1
Just kill the golem already, would you?
If you defeat these veterans, you will face the Ravager, our newest champion, who tore his way through the divisions to replace the now-retired Raging Ox!
There are those who say... but it is not important.
Some say that Death's Hand is collecting all the wind maps and destroying them, so that only he and his minions may travel freely about the Empire.
Paralyzing Palm
Legendary Strike
However, I do not believe such talk. I believe firmly in the goodness, kindness, and wisdom of our Emperor and all those around him.
I suppose there may still be merchants in the Imperial City who have some. And they were once so widely available that there must be some here and there.
But I do not have any. Nor do I know anyone who has one.
Absolutely not! How dare you question our beloved Emperor. Absolutely not! Please stop talking to me.
That's a lot to see in just a glint.
Let me see your wares.
Do you have anything useful? Like weapons or magical items?
You don't actually have anything I'd want, do you?
I'm done speaking with you.
I'll just be going now.
I have nothing to say to you.
Do you sell wind maps?
Tell me.
I have been carefully collecting this silver for years, but the death of the murderous fox is more important to me.
So no one has wind maps besides Death's Hand?
Then let me see your wares.
I'm done talking to you.
Have you ever thought the Emperor might be less than good?
I'm done with you.
Zeng's Body
Be quiet, they heard me.
[An inactive clay golem.]
What... who... no, wait, I don't want any more trouble.
Yes, I can do that. Whatever you want.
Who? The woman? She got loose from the sack and ran into the cave. Would have been safer out here with us.
Gao told us to go after her, but we said no. There are... things in there. We fought one while he was in the village.
We refused to go after her, so Gao went himself.\n
I don't know. He just said it was very important that he get her tonight. He brought a few groups of us over for it.
We didn't take her; we made Gao do that himself. I know we shouldn't have let him talk us into any of this, but he doubled our pay.
It was just one woman. Compared to some things... well, all I'll say is that this wasn't the worst thing done by a Gao lately.
Look, that's all I can say. Just let me go. I won't be any more trouble for you. If I go back to Gao's father, I'll be killed as a failure.
By my grandfather, I won't get in your way again. I swear.
Thank you. You won't see me again.
No... no. I told you all I could!
I didn't plan any of it! I'm just an extra body watching for people like you following after. He brought a few groups of us.
Gao! Gao the Lesser, I mean. His father would be furious if he knew, but we have to do most of what the boy says.
What? The Mosquito? It flies, and carries people through the air. I swear it's true!
You've never seen that kind of thing out here on the borderlands, but Gao has inventors that can make all kinds of things.
Don't ask me to fly it, though. Gao himself carries the crystal that powers it.
Look, I'll tell you whatever you want. The money isn't good enough to die for. All right?
Fine. Just tell me what I want to know.
Where is Dawn Star?
Why did he kidnap Dawn Star?
Get out of here. I'll follow Gao into the cave.
I can't take that chance. You're not going anywhere.
It's all Gao's fault. How convenient. I don't believe you.
I should kill you for this!
Who put you up to this?
What is this machine here? What does it do?
You don't have any options to choose, friend.
If you will desist from your traitorous talk, we can speak once more about buying and selling.
Greetings once more! Are you ready to peruse my many fine wares?
Let me see what you have.
Cowardly Rat Demon
I can stay up as late as I want. That's good, 'cause I don't got no bed.
The Abbot of Three Peaks Monastery has told you that his monks were murdered by a Lotus Assassin. He has discovered that the man is hiding out in the Caves. The Abbot wants revenge.
Gao's Mercenary
Welcome, stranger. Welcome to beautiful Tien's Landing. Isn't it a glorious day? Oh, I know people complain and grumble, but honestly, I think they're overreacting.
Now that the Great Dam is closed, I'll bet the square is just bustling with crowds... or soon will be. Yes, things are definitely looking up for Tien's Landing.
When the dam was closed, people said the town was dying. But not me! I was the only one who said things would get better... and they did!
I have no doubt the pirates will be dealt with soon, as well. Things always look up eventually. It reminds me of an old saying my father taught me.
Old Mother Kwan owned the teahouse in Tien's Landing until Three Sheets Dutong showed up with an Imperial Writ proclaiming that the teahouse was his. Dutong's story sounds suspicious and is probably worth investigating.
When we first heard reports of pirates raiding nearby villages, everybody said the town was doomed. But I knew things would improve, and now the pirates are gone!
No doubt the dam will soon be closed, too. Things always get better. It reminds me of an old saying my father taught me.
Old Mother Kwan
The dam is closed, the pirates are gone, and life is good in Tien's Landing once again! Not that I'm surprised... not at all.
Everybody else was all doom and gloom. Some even wanted to leave the town. But not me. I knew everything would work out... and now things are better than ever!
I see you are still here, honored one. I am glad to see that you are enjoying our town! Don't let the doomsayers convince you that things are not going well here!
The Great Dam has been opened, and the river level has dropped. Ships can't navigate the river, and nobody can fish. But I think people are overreacting.
Basically, we are suffering some minor inconveniences, which I am sure will soon be resolved. Still, there are a few alarmists who scream and cry that our town is dying.
Investigate Dutong's Writ
Speak to Dutong or the teahouse staff to learn more about Dutong's Imperial Writ.
Old Mother Kwan used to own the teahouse in Tien's Landing, until Three Sheets Dutong showed up with an Imperial Writ proclaiming that the teahouse was his. Dutong's story sounds suspicious and is probably worth investigating.
Steeper Yanru believes Dutong is lying about the writ. He has agreed to help you get Dutong drunk so he'll confess his crimes.
Get Dutong Drunk
You're awake! It sounds like the army is on the move. They're on their way up the mountain!
Oh, yes of course. I tend to get carried away sometimes.
I need to get going.
Can we get back to my other questions?
Farther down toward the city, you'll find the Golden Way. Many wealthy people live and work there--hopefully some willing to fund one of my inventions.
Then there's the Market District, near where you landed earlier. Most of the city does its business there. It's an interesting place--at least, *I* think so.
Speak with Yanru and convince him to send drinks to Dutong and get him drunk enough to confess.
Of course, with the dam open, ships can't navigate the river. So I have no supplies to make my baskets, and no customers to buy them. But am I worried? Of course not.
People are worried about the pirates. Sure, they raid villages and sell their captives to slavers. But they don't bother us here in Tien's Landing.
Now that the dam is closed, supplies will start coming back into town. In a week, two at most, I'll be able to go back to making baskets. We'll be fine until then.
I'm always happy to talk about Tien's Landing. We may have a few minor problems, but I'm sure Sheng, our Imperial Minister, will find a way to solve them.
A splendid question, and one in which I am particularly well versed. It is a fascinating tale that dates back to the blessed first Emperor of Jade, Sagacious Tien.
To honor the memory of his dream, he returned and built a summer palace in the spot where he had stopped to rest. In time, a town--this town--sprang up around the palace.
Well, that was long ago. Over the centuries the castle fell into ruin. But make no mistake: Tien's Landing is where he had his dream. The castle proves it.
Restore Kwan's Ownership of the Teahouse
Slam maneuver paralyzes
[X] combo paralyzes
Few of the merchants have anything to sell, what with the dam being open and all. But if you head up to the square you can still get a nice view of the whole town.
[A] Combo paralyzes
Slam maneuver turns opponent to stone
*cod84* Clear maneuver paralyzes enemies within a 3 meter radius
*cod84* Clear maneuver paralyzes enemies within a 5 meter radius
*cod84* Clear maneuver paralyzes enemies within a 7 meter radius
You have exposed Dutong's fraud and returned the teahouse to Old Mother Kwan, much to the delight of customers and staff alike.
*cod84* Clear maneuver paralyzes enemies within a 10 meter radius
*cod84* Clear maneuver paralyzes enemies within a 15 meter radius
All duration effects associated with this style receive a slight duration increase.
Keep Dutong's Secret
Dutong admitted that he tricked Mother Kwan out of her teahouse, but you agreed to keep his secret in exchange for a pocket full of silver.
Tell Mother Kwan that Dutong confessed and that the teahouse is hers again.
All duration effects associated with this style receive a small duration increase.
All duration effects associated with this style receive a moderate duration increase.
All duration effects associated with this style receive a large duration increase.
All duration effects associated with this style receive a drastic duration increase.
Pending Choice
I think I saw him heading down to Beggar's Pier. He has a barge there. Knows the river better than anyone else in the town... a true master of his craft.
No more excuses. Your father was always full of excuses, too. It tires me to no end. You know what you have to do, so go do it.
Please, purveyor, don't send me in there. I'm scared those... things will see me before I can get into the cave. Please don't make me do it.
I have been patient with you, Jinlin, but your father has been dead for almost a week now. It is time for you to pay off his debts.
Now go! Or perhaps you'd prefer for you and your mother be sent to work at the Wall?
No! I will go. Please don't hurt my mother. I'll get the artifact for you, I promise.
A wise decision. You know where to find me once you have it. Do not keep me waiting, Jinlin.
The Jade Empire
What? Why not? A slave has to know her place. If I'm going to have to train these slaves myself, I should get a discount.
I don't want to be a slave! I just want to get out of this place!
Get away from my daughter, you wretched man!
You? What are you doing here? How did you get away from the guards? Why aren't you with the rest of the slaves?
The guards are dead, Lun. The slaves are free, and more than a few of them are looking for you. You don't want them to find you.
No, this can't be! I... I have to get out of here!
They... they change when I talk about them. I don't think we should mention them very much any more.
You killed him! I've... I've never seen such violence!\n
Quiet, girl! A slave doesn't speak unless spoken to!
Hey, I know you! Mother and I met you when we were trying to get out of Tien's Landing!
What? This is an outrage! Do you know how long I traveled to get here? Do you know how long I spent negotiating the purchase of these slaves?
I see you have a good nose for business, and slaves are the best business in the Empire. I'll give you the same price I was going to give Gao for this girl.
Excellent. Come, ladies. You will find I am a kind owner. You will only be beaten if you are bad, and my wife has promised not to lose her temper too often.
You would do well to curb your tongue, woman. That kind of talk will not sit well with my wife. Now, come with me. And if you give me any trouble, your daughter will pay dearly.
You heartless monster! I came to you for help, and you sold me to this vile, disgusting excuse for a man!
Fight? What... do you mean?
What's the meaning of this? I had an agreement with Gao to purchase this girl!
What? This is preposterous! You would set this urchin on me with a knife? Are you mad?
Do I have to? I don't want to hurt anyone. Can't you just let me go?
I... I'll do it. If I have to.
I... I don't know. It's like listening to the wind while people are yelling at you. The Guardian says... he says not to ask.
Useless marsh. I'm sick of flushing out bandits just so he can chase down some farm girl. I'd rather burn these reeds from the air.
Chai Ka: A troubling force was ejected. All is well now.
I am glad to see that Wild Flower appears well. It must have been a very disturbing experience.
No more than our own if we don't get moving.
Yes, while you were... elsewhere, a servant tried to warn me against entering my *own* home! We need to confront my father as soon as possible.
Thank you for the fight. Goodbye.
I swear, Dawn Star, my patience is running thin!
No. *No!*
Not you. Anyone but you! What are you doing here?
It seems Gao doesn't think much about anything.
Ha ha! I understand more than you! I did you a favor, but you are too stupid to know a good thing when you are in its grasp!
Being kidnapped was a good thing? You have an odd view of what it takes to impress a woman.
Fools! You'd be dead if it wasn't for me! Everything you have is gone! My father has seen to that!
You'll see. Death comes from above to ferret out your hidden master and his real name!
Dawn Star was the only thing I wanted to save, and what thanks do I get? Nothing! So be it, I'll just kill you all and forget your pitiful little village ever existed!
You'll see. You've already lost, no matter what happens here. You'll see. I'll make you see!
You don't have a choice! I won't let you walk away this time!
Good! There's no Master Li to restrict how I fight. I'll kill you in time to see the red sky over your village!
Then fight, and we'll see who is better outside your pretty school. Even if you win, you've lost elsewhere.
It has already begun! You'll see. Death comes from above to ferret out your hidden Master and his real name!
You see that, Gao? That's loyalty and responsibility. Can you even understand those words?
An errand? I hope saving me means more than that.
Ha! You see! I did you a favor, but you are too stupid to know a good thing when you are in its grasp!
Chasing a fool. Did you think you could get away with this?
What are you talking about, Gao?
What have you done, Gao?
I don't want to fight you again, Gao.
Let's settle this, Gao. One on one.
I'm getting sick of your raving, Gao.
Empty threats from a beaten man.
You took something very important to me. I'd follow you forever.
Wasting my time on another errand, and all because of you.
Go away.
You've done it all, youngster. You've saved an entire town. You are the hero we needed eighteen years ago. Better late than never, eh?
Eighteen years ago, Emperor Sun was young and flush with success from ending the drought. He began public works all over the Empire, including the Great Dam down-river.
The workmen came and started building it near our town. We were not engineers and so we were not sure what it would mean. Some worried that it might flood us out.
Most were unconcerned. After all, if there were any danger the Emperor would tell us, surely. One day, the Great Dam was finished. And the floodgates were closed.
The town... the town flooded. We took what we could and fled. Mothers ran about screaming for their children who had gone out to play. Children screamed for their dogs.
Some folks climbed to the roofs of their houses and refused to leave. We survivors straggled upriver... some collapsed from exhaustion, but the water kept rising.
I carried a boy and a girl. I saw another boy fall, but I couldn't carry him. Finally, I fell over too. When I woke, I found the water had stopped rising.
The Great Dam had created an enormous lake, and we settled our new town on the banks. The lake completely covered the ruins of our town.
The crewmen who manned the Great Dam would come to town sometimes, but they knew no more than we. I will go to my grave never knowing.
The people started a new life here. But there was much pain and sorrow. Conversations would trail off. At night you could hear women sobbing... and not a few men.
Finally, people stopped talking about the past, and then they refused to talk about it all together. Eventually they pretended it never happened.
You look like you know how to fight. You look like you can stand up for yourself. So you don't understand: We are villagers.
We farm and fish. We live at the mercy of the gods, nature, and the Emperor. If one or all of these masters is kind, it is good.
If one or all choose to be cruel, well, there's nothing we can do about it. We just have to get the fish hauled in.
Mm. A few months ago, the Emperor's engineers and soldiers left. They just went off in the night. Soon after, the Great Dam opened on its own.
There wasn't anyone around. The water drained, revealing the old ruins. Underwater these eighteen years, and now they're back.
I don't know what made the Great Dam open. Some say it was ghosts. They say those who died in the town don't want to be forgotten.
We don't know how. We are simple people, and the Great Dam is not a simple thing. They say there is magic involved in its construction.
Thank you for listening, youngster. Not many do anymore.
I don't know that you're wrong. But everyone has to make their own choices. Pray you never have to make some of the choices I have.
Away with you then, youngster. Turn your back on Old Wei.
Well, well. Took care of those pirates, did you? A fine job. If only that dam were closed up. This would be a nice place to live again.
Well, you took care of the dam! Good job, youngster. Never thought I'd be glad to see that dam closed up.
You again? What do you want now?
I may have one foot in the grave, but my mind is still sharp. Pray you can say the same when you've seen as many years as I have, youngster!
Yes, youngster, I was. Still remember it like yesterday. This town, Tien's Landing, used to be where the three plateaus come together down river. It was a fine town.
Let's see what you have there... oh.\n
Yes, yes it's mine. She was my wife, and she didn't make it out of the rising waters.
I can't tell you what this means to me. After all these years, there are no words. Thank you. Thank you.
You would hold this hostage? I'm an old man with nothing left but my memories of a better time. Don't do this.
I... I... very well, I will give you all I have. Take it.
Thank you. You are not a very nice person, but you have brought me comfort anyway.
What... but I... you are a monster! I have seen terrible things in my life, but you are the worst. Your ancestors are weeping with shame.
Eh? What do you want?
I'm Wei. Some call me Old Wei, but that's because they don't know Old Chan. If I'm old, he's ancient. He's at least a week older than me.
Of course, we're both pretty old compared to most of the people in Tien's Landing. Why, most of them don't even remember what it was like before the flood.
I know you held it until recently, but Kia Min has a knack for group fights, and she set a new bar just yesterday.
Surprised you remember me, at your age.
What happened?
No one here will talk about the ruins.
You never sought revenge for the flooding of your town?
I saw the ruins on my way here. They aren't underwater.
Why hasn't anyone closed the gates?
Thank you for telling me your story.
You peasants deserve whatever happens to you!
Slave
We were talking about Gao earlier, but now isn't really the time to finish that conversation.
Were you here during the flood?
I found this portrait in the ruins. Is it yours?
Looks familiar?
At least you'll have this to remember her by. Take it.
You can have it back for only a bit of silver.
Well if you're going to whine, just take it.
You'll treasure it more if you pay a dear price for it.
And here you go. A pleasure doing business with you.
Thank you for the silver. I've decided to keep the portrait.
I was just curious. I'm going to keep it.
So is it yours or not? I don't have all day old man.
I think I've heard enough blather for one lifetime.
Tavern Keeper
In the traditional stance for the long sword, the wielder keeps their body loose, with the blade held above the head. This allows the swordsman to make long sweeping cuts, keeping his foes off balance. Wielders of the long sword move with a stylized grace, virtually dancing about the battlefield. Their blades shine in the sun as their beautiful attacks cut a deadly swath through their mesmerized foes.
Long Sword
You sure are pretty. Just like those ladies on the corner the sailors always talk to.
You look lonely. You should go see those ladies the sailors always talk to. They seem real friendly.
E3 Demo 1 description. STRREF 19200
Aw, don't be like that!
Yeah, we're nice guys. Don't pretend you're better than us!
Yeah! We don't want to be stuck in your stuck-up town either, you know!
Yeah, you people need to relax! Have some wine with us!
Yeah, you need wine, sweetie!
Yes? What... what... do you want?
Kill me? Now that reminds me of my favorite song. *cod6*I'm a sailor fine... and I like my wine... on the water blue....*cod6* Do you know the rest of the words?
*cod6*...sleeping it off... on the water blue... I knew a sailor named....*cod6* Are you sure you don't know the... the... what do you call them?
Yes... the words. Don't you know them?
No, that's not the word. Word! That's the word... don't you know... the words....
E3 Demo 2 Description - STRREF 19217
E3 Demo 3 Description - STRREF 19218
Back Office
Lucky Cho's Office
Black Market Section
Fight Office
If I ever see you harassing a woman again, I will kill you.
Make sense, you drunken idiot!
'Words.'
Idiot.
You'd better try to sleep that off.
You let that one get away? I think she liked the attention.
You said something about being stuck here? Why?
Hey... honora... honor... person.
Yes.
I have to... go.
I am very pleased for you.
You have to help me.
Excuse me?
You know... you have to let me use your outhouse....
That is for my family only. Why don't you go back to your ship?
I know! I'll... go... on your sandals. Yeah, that's what I'll do....
Wait! Wait, stop. Very well, you can use my outhouse. Follow me.
Hey... what are we having for dinner?  Hey, do you have a sister?
Nothing? Impossible!
For Death's Hand!
Distortion Blast
Distortion Wave
I promised to close the dam and save the town. Truth is, I wish I'd never told anyone what I was going to do. I was a bit drunk when I said it. But I can't back out now!
Everybody thinks I'm just a worthless drunk. But when I close the dam, they'll think I'm a hero! I just need a few drinks to get my courage up before I go.
But I promised to close the dam, and I can't go back on that now. The town is counting on me. I just need another drink or two before I go.
[Success] Now, now... no need to get upset. I'm drunk, but I'm not unreasonable. If you really want to go that badly, I'll take you. You can work out some of that anger on the pirates.
Heard somebody took care of them pirates. Hope they got what they deserved!
Kill the Spirit
Daoshen? He has angled for a long time for our permission to run a larger game. He's honest to a fault, but he still pulls in a fair bit of cash.
I was wondering if he'd be resourceful enough. One of my associates has already told him of the cost involved. Are you here to deliver his payment?
I'm a cap'n.
You're not a captain.
Oh yes, I am.
Where's your captain's hat?
Well, where's *your* capn' hat?
I'm not a captain.
Okay then.
On a single bet? That's hard to believe, but this purse is one of Daoshen's. If what you say is true, he's chosen to defy us. We'll have to make an example of him.
Water Buffalo
Goat
His payment? Good. Give it to me, and I'll send someone to go discuss the new terms of his operation. Now back to our business, yes?
Review the List
You need to talk to Qui the Promoter. He'll start you out. It'll be great to have someone new around the place.
Our current Emperor has not shown as much interest in the past decade or so.
Stop right there! I gave you two extra duty. Get back to that galley and start cleaning!
We don't have to listen you, Ing. You're a captain without a ship! She's nothing but a landlocked house now.
I will discover a way to free this ship. Until then, you had better follow orders.
I've had enough of you and your orders!
I'm afraid that wouldn't help, living one. It must be Kindly Yushan himself who does this. Our deaths are on his hands, so he must do the burial.
Now get back in that ship. I'm your captain, understand?
You're still the captain... for now. But if you don't get us out of this town soon, you're going to have a mutiny on your hands. Then we'll see what's what.
Well, it's my life's work, that's for sure. And with the way all these spirits have been rising up, it'll probably be my death's work, as well. Eh-heheh.
You found another piece of the amulet and unlocked two more gem slots.
I... I don't know where Yushan is now. When the flood came, I prayed he would save us. But he never showed up. Maybe he tried....
Questions? There is little we could tell you, big person. We are trapped here, in the ruins of the orphanage. We can't leave, and we can't rest until Kindly Yushan buries our bones.
True, but that can become a convenient excuse. Eventually, you may decide that even direct violence is too inefficient for someone of your strength.
It is a small leap from there to enforcing your will so that the crime never takes place. Suddenly, you are the oppressor, when all you wanted to do was make things right.
This Way of the Open Palm is not without its hidden dangers, despite the best of intentions.
It is the *cod6*low path,*cod6* the way of aggression and discord. A misunderstood path often misused by those who wish to justify a thuggish nature.
It is not as simple as crushing your enemies, or as mindless as terrorizing the weak. It is a mindset born of impatience, of imposing your will.
An evil man might ignore a plea for help because he does not care, but that shows a disconnection with the world. That is not part of the Way.
A man on the *cod6*low path*cod6* might also ignore that plea, but he would do so because that person should demonstrate they are fit to survive on their own.
The difference is in the details. That same man might help if the odds are unreasonable. He might also do it to incur favor. There is thought in his actions.
You killed her? I didn't want that! I just wanted her to leave Lan and me alone. This... this is horrible! I've known her since we were children!
We grew up together; her family lived right next to mine. What am I going to tell Ai Ling's mother the next time I see her? I... I can't believe you killed her.
I guess I should thank you. I just wish there could have been some other way. I... I should go tell Ai Ling's family what happened.
Reward? For killing Ai Ling? You're... you're a monster! Whatever deal you had with Lan, I want no part of it! Go talk to her for your reward.
Ai Ling is dead.
He is not a mindless killer, but he may let strength decide what course is best. That is why it is a dangerous path. It can so easily be misinterpreted.
You are the sum of your actions. The harmony or discord that you sow will weigh on your shoulders as surely as any physical yoke.
But... there can be advantages. Certain forms of attack inherently lean toward one extreme or the other. They have a rhythm that resonates within you.
You may find that some attacks perform better if you are... more intent on causing discord. How you use this is for you to discover and decide.
Who are you interested in?
Master Li is a private man, and I will not presume to speak for him. His interest in you surpasses the care of any master I have known. He must see great potential in you.
I'd rather not. He is impatiently traveling the low path, and I long ago abandoned him to it. He is reckless, and he neither seeks nor wants my guidance.
As young as he is, Gao has impressive skill. Master Li has tried to restrain him, but I know how far he has gone. He weilds powerful energies but has the temper of a child.
You have seen a small part of what Gao conceals. Master Li wisely forbids such displays, but I know how far he has gone. Gao has great skill but the temper of a child.
Master Li has taught the base of such techniques to you and others--mastering chi is important for any student here--but he also demands control.
Gao's father most likely tutored him. By all that I have heard, both are impatient and spoiled. They can be provoked into... explosive outbursts.
Only what she lets me know. A very private woman, despite spending so long in the school. You probably know her as well as anyone does.
Cook Teh
Bah! Do you shrink from the challenge? This is how true leaders of the battlefield fight. Rise up or step aside.
You have offended me, fool. So be it, you'll face my full wrath in the closest location with room for proper maneuvers. Mirabelle will sit you down!
Tien's Landing
You resist me well...
What? Oh, this is simply a waste of my time. What could you possibly gain by my taking a switch to your hindquarters?
Return to Hui
Fast Shin
Fortunate Puzzle
Haven't you been schooled enough? I understand you would be upset, but this won't help matters.
Hrmph! You're all set on this, are you? All right, I'll have at you, but it's beyond me why you'd march to the slaughter like this.
Why didn't I hurt you?
I won't be beaten!
I'll show you!
Leave without saving
Save changes?
Gao's Lieutenant
The entry hall here has walls to be up against, corners to be backed into, and floor enough on which to be down but not out. Whatever your metaphor, I'll beat it.
Return to me when you are ready and we will walk there together. Just to ensure that no one gets lost, or suffers an accident that would prevent a fair fight.
You won't beat me!
This is where you fall!
Press BACK to pause combat. You can switch styles while paused.
Frankly, I don't know what you people are capable of.
What? Good. Let's get this over with so I can return to schooling the rest of your fellows.
Cunning Keyi
I envy you. You are about to experience for the first time the skill that has forged an empire and traveled the world.
There will be pain as well, but I imagine it will be almost worth it.
Well fought, my student, but I cannot risk you against a foe like this yet.
Out of our way, woman! In this town we don't step aside for you... you step aside for us!
The peasants of this village may cower before you, but I do not. If you are smart, you will apologize for your behavior and walk away.
Don't tell me what to do! You think I won't hit a woman? You have to learn your place! This whole town has to learn its place!
Follower Gained
Allow me to answer that, Lord.
While it seems that you've solved the problem with the forest, that doesn't mean the ghosts will simply up and leave.
If we're lucky, then you've stopped things from getting worse, and time will provide the cure.
Do you think this forest will be passable any time soon?
Superior Warrior Gem
You really shouldn't waste your time here in this teahouse. The Lotus Assassins are searching the ruins for the missing piece of your amulet. You must find the pieces before they do.
Missing Gem
This gem looks like the others used in furnaces near the Forest Shadow's temple, but it is shaped differently, as if it were designed to be mounted in a pedestal.
Well, it's good to see our new bounty hunter was able to bring you in. Frankly, Aishi, I thought you'd fight to the death. You weren't this weak when we....
Flawless Warrior Gem
Superior Monk Gem
Flawless Monk Gem
Superior Scholar Gem
Twenty silver for one bowl, honored stranger, in advance. But we have other matters to discuss: I need the help of someone like you. Someone sharp and fast.
Darting Lynx
That is what the market will bear. I'm but a slave to the market forces. Now, if it wouldn't trouble you, I need the help of someone who can get things done.
Oh! Hello. I'm sorry, I was just muttering to myself. I am in some trouble and.... Wait! You! You could help me!
You're clearly not from around the Imperial City, and I need someone's help most desperately, someone unaffected by the politics of this place.
A pleasure doing business with you.
It is good to talk with you again. I hope you have not forgotten my earlier business proposition regarding the Great Dam.
Excellent. I'll just take that; no need for any unpleasant reminders lying around.
Here is the silver I promised you: twenty percent of my profits to date. Now, is there anything else I can do for you?
It is a simple matter. The Great Dam is open, and these sailors are trapped in our town. I make a very nice amount of silver selling wine to them.
Greetings, stranger. I noticed you speaking with Minister Sheng. I wonder if I could have but a moment of your time.
I am Merchant Jiang, wineseller. I serve the community by entertaining these sailors trapped in our town. I need the help of someone with a steely eye and a steady hand.\n
I simply fill a need the best way I can. What is the crime in that? Now, you seem a capable young woman, and I really need some help.
We all must have our little secrets. How I conduct my trade is mine. Now, I need the help of someone with... discretion
Ah, you have a sharp eye. Yes, I am a merchant. However, there is nothing to see, only something to drink. I sell quality wine, and lots of it.
This is an excellent time to be a wine merchant. The sailors trapped in our town were on the river for quite a long time, and they had saved up massive amounts of silver.
I saw you speaking with Minister Sheng, worthy one. I suspect he asked you to go out to the Great Dam and close it. Am I right?
None of the dead can find peace right now.
I want you to destroy the controls of the Great Dam, leaving it forever open. Then there will be no danger of some adventurer coming by and closing it.
He is greatly skilled and tutors his students intently. You especially. My school in the city was mired in politics. Not an environment that promotes diligent study.
Don't be so dramatic! I know that some think this river situation is fatal, but they are overreacting. They cannot adapt to the new realities.
The crowds won't forget that anytime soon. The Silver Division is yours now. Treat it well.
It is vital that we talk a moment.
It's right here.
What did you need again?
It seems to me that you are making a killing off the situation.
Where does your wine come from? The town is cut off.
Let me see your wares, merchant.
What sort of help do you need?
I'm not going to doom this entire town!
Do you have any impressions of Gao?
Hmm, well, if you say so. Despite Lord Rento's insistence to the contrary, I doubt he was a master criminal. Perhaps I'll just declare Yukong's bounty a dead matter.
Why me?
What'll you give me if I do this?
Very well, I'll do it.
I want no part of this.
It is time to end your meddling!
Exactly how much *are* you selling your wine for?
Bandit Lieutenant
Twenty silver! That's outrageous!
Just tell me what you want.
Forest
Hello, hello! Don't think I am ungrateful for your earlier efforts. I do, however, have much to do. Was any man ever so eternally busy as Minister Sheng?
You did it! How the people will sing the praises of Minister Sheng, who found, hired, and sent forth the helpful peasant who ultimately solved the problem!
This bar is made of iron alloyed with nickel, producing a far stronger metal referred to by some smiths as *cod6*steeled iron*cod6* or simply *cod6*steel.*cod6*
The yellow-tinged water in this vial has a strong stench, similar to that of a rotten egg.
Used to treat conditions of the blood and circulation, a cow bezoar forms only in the stomach of very ill cattle. Cow bezoars are extremely rare, but many seek them for their curative nature.
Kang called these gems the Eyes of the Void. They don't appear to have any conventional value, but they may produce something extraordinary if used in Lord Lao's Furnace.
LL Reward Effect 1 - Focus Increase
LL Reward Effect 2 - Body Increase
Lord Lao's Reward Effect 3 - Spirit Increase
Lord Lao's Reward Effect 4 - Conversation Skill
Lord Lao's Reward Item 1
Lord Lao's Reward Item 2
Lord Lao's Reward Item 3
Lord Lao's Reward Item 4
Temp: The Magic of Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace has increased your Focus.
Temp: The Magic of Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace has increased your Body.
I suppose, in theory, you could find a flyer at the pirate camp upriver. In practice, however, I doubt you would find the pirates very accommodating.
Welcome! It's always good to see a new face at the counter. If you've got silver to spend, I'll be happy to help you out!
Temp: The Magic of Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace has increased your Spirit.
The only approach is by river. But no sane bargeman would be willing to risk such a journey. Sane people don't go looking for the pirates, they avoid them.
I suppose Ru the Boatswain is mad enough to take you, if he's drunk. Hmmm... yes. Ru is surely the only one who would make the trip. And then the pirates would kill you.
I'm known as Thunderous Taoran, and you are my most honored customer right now, so you have all of my attention.
Temp for Item reward 1 from Lord Lao: The machine has produced a pair of boots perfect for jumping over the magic snake.
Temp for LL Reward Item #2: The machine has given you the scythe of destruction. Ultima 6 fans, rejoice!
Temp for Reward Item 3 from LLF: The machinery of Lord Lao's Furnace has produced The Magic Pickle. You may now solve any fetch and retrieve quest instantly.
Gone... she's gone. They took her away, my beautiful Fen, my Flower of the Fields.
The humiliation! That a dread and mighty lord such as I should be reduced to answering the questions of simple folk!
Sweet Poison Lyn
I can climb up and pull the lever easily enough. You can open the door when it's unlocked.
Temp for Item reward #4 from Lord Lao's Furnace: The machinery of Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace has produced a Widget. This could come in handy if you were playing Space Quest 4, but then again, maybe not.
A ship was in port when the Great Dam opened and the river drained. Now it is trapped here. The sailors behaved for a time, but now they've gone mad with boredom.
I'm sure Captain Ing down by the pier would offer you some sort of reward to close the Great Dam and free his vessel. That is what we in the Ministry of Harmony call a hint.
A cinnabar ingot
I don't think of pirates as the ingenious type.
Cinnabar is the ore from which mercury is extracted. Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace uses these ingots as its primary fuel.
Make your way down river, enter the ruins--to which I *did not* give you the key--and search for some way to get up to the top of the Great Dam.
There you should find the controls to the Great Dam. I do not know what form these controls take, but I am sure you'll figure something out. Safe and easy, no?
Please, my name is Hing, and you must help me. My Fen is so delicate. She will chafe under a bandit's yoke.
A giant among men. Superb, the best emperor ever! Surely he will soon allow me to return to the Imperial City. Surely.
Of course, I hold all of the Emperor's advisors in the highest esteem. Death's Hand serves the Emperor, as do we all. He is a trifle... terrifying, however.
Ah, I miss it so. And it misses me, I am sure. A grand place, but I fear I shall never see it again. Even the mention of the name brings sorrow to Minister Sheng's heart.
Attack: Dual Axes*cod2*Support: None*cod2*The Black Whirlwind's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*The Black Whirlwind is a warrior of exceptional girth and immeasurable brutality. In combat, his axes gleefully plow through enemies, not stopping until the red mists fade.
Attack: Long Sword*cod2*Support: Recovers your Chi*cod2*Dawn Star's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*Dawn Star's magical sensitivity gives her added insight into the world around her. In battle she cuts swiftly with her long sword. *cod2**cod2*
Are you trying to take credit for my exploits?
Isn't there a reward?
I was happy to do my duty.
I need to find a flyer.
Always--I say always--a pleasure to see a customer return for another visit.
We were traveling to Two Rivers. I bring goods between the farms that line the valley.
Help yourself to a look. Guaranteed to have something for every fan of the Imperial Arena!
You look like a warrior to my eye, probably not fit for the odds and sods the usual patrons might pick up.
I knew we were getting too close to the marshes. Why was I so foolish? Of course these thieves would strike at my beautiful Fen.
Inquisitor Lim has his Assassins searching for something, though what it is I couldn't say. Minister Sheng knows better than to stick his nose in the business of the Lotus Assassins.
I didn't want the town to panic, so I kept Lim's presence here a secret. Better the peasants think it was ghosts... a much less terrifying idea.
There seems to be a lot of drunken sailors around.
Directions? Are you taunting Minister Sheng? This is not the Imperial City; one could hardly get lost in a place like this. Just look around, and you'll find what you seek.
Tell me again what I have to do.
I don't know you, but you're in here, so I know you're not common street trash. I hope, for your sake, that you have enough silver to warrant my time.
When you deal with me, the fullness of your purse is of concern to both of us.
I can't leave without her. They'll work her to death, or eat her, or worse! Can you do anything? Please?
What do you think of the Emperor?
What do you know about Death's Hand?
Tell me about the Imperial City.
Must I do everything myself? Never send an Imperial soldier to do the work of a lieutenant!
I know that his alliance with the Lotus Assassins has reached its logical conclusion. He was a valuable ally to their order; you have done well.
Gold
You! What are you doing here? The quarry is ours! It was ours when we lived, and it's ours when we're dead!
I'm Yuxi. Stabber Yuxi. Everyone was afraid of me when we were alive. Toughest convict on the chain gang.
Then the water came. Everyone ran, no one came to help the prisoners... except Turnkey. But I know he only came to laugh at us. So... Turnkey had to die.
Hurt... me? Hurt me? Hahahaha! You can't hurt me! I was the toughest convict on the chain gang when I was alive!
I'm not a fiend... and I'm already dead. And now you will join us!
Stay back. I don't want to hurt you.
Die, fiend!
Strangler Jizu smells something fresh.
Strangler Jizu is king in this place. Alive, king of the prisoners alive. Dead, king of the prisoners dead.
Water come. People leave Strangler Jizu and other prisoners to die. Water come faster. We scramble, run, claw each other.
Then water everywhere. But we not die. Strangler Jizu has too much hate to die.
Strangler Jizu is king in this place. King of the prisoners, king of the dead. Dead serve Jizu.
And now you join Strangler Jizu's subjects.
You not know? Strangler Jizu... not die.
What happened here?
Die, foul spirit!
Unngghh. Who's that? I can't see you.... Is somebody there? What do you want?
I am... I am... I think I am Turnkey Shiji? Is that right? Yes, I am Turnkey Shiji. I guard the prisoners.
Drowned? Yes, I remember! The water rushing in, everybody running... I went back for the prisoners. They were bad men, but no one deserves to die like that.
I went to free them. I freed Strangler Jizu first and then... and then... he put his hands around my throat. I couldn't breathe and he... he killed me.
Happened? I don't remember. This... is the quarry where the prisoners are chained up. I'm Turnkey Shiji... I guard them. I remember... I remember the water rising.
Everyone ran, but I came back for the prisoners. I had the only key. They are bad men, but no one deserves to die like that.
Ghosts? I don't... ghosts? I don't remember. I am... I am... I think I am Turnkey Shiji? Is that right? Yes, I am Turnkey Shiji, and I guard the prison.
The prisoners are dead. They drowned.
Never turn your back on a criminal.
You seem different than the other ghosts.
Hold!
Yifong's daughter Fuyao was on the verge of being tortured by a pirate slave breaker in the Pirate Lair. You killed the slave breaker, but you left Fuyao in her cage, giving her a valuable lesson in self reliance.
Scholars' Garden
You do not have enough silver to buy the selected item.
Aahh.
It's toxic.
Gao the Lesser
Filter - All Active Quests
Qui the Promoter
She has great skill, but a reluctance to use it. If she were to let go, she could be very powerful. Perhaps that is what she fears.
Lord Lao Recipe 1
Lord Lao Recipe 2
Take a knife and kill the fat man, Fuyao. Then you go free.
Prove you are strong. Kill him or be his slave!
Well Lid
Oh... okay. I won't bother you anymore then.
Gate of the Underworld
There are spirits everywhere here, in the city. Ghosts live inside of the people who remember them, just a little. Everyone has that spark... except for me...
Deliver Red Silk Grass
Control Room Door
CUT - A strange stone token that detached from the memorial to *cod6*the old master*cod6* built behind master Li's house. While slightly weathered, the token is still instantly recognizable as the form of a lion's head.
Character Type
You are weak, girl. You deserve to be a slave!
Thank you, kind sir. I have my daughter back, and we are free. If I had any type of reward to give you, it would be yours.
We will return to Tien's Landing and tell the entire town of your great deeds. I'm sure Minister Sheng will reward you for helping us.
[TEMP]Kungfu School Weapon
[TEMP]Kungfu School Weapon Description
Despite that, it still seems the most likely place. He'll be slowed down by that load. You could still catch him if you hurry!
Paralyzed
Ru
Something's on your mind.
We should get back to town and be on our way.
What do you want? Did my son hire you to kick me out of my own home?
Of course I'm not dead! If I were, would I be this upset about losing my house? Or breathing, for that matter?
Wha... what? No!
Two Rivers
Hostel
Spear
Keep going! We will meet in the school.
Keep going! I will follow to the school.
What? Have you lost your mind? Well, you're about to lose your life, as well! This is unforgivable, acolyte!
I'm freeing the slaves. I killed the guard.
Do you mind? How can I enjoy the crack of bone, the screams of pain, and the glorious geysers of crimson blood down in the arena with you bothering me?
Or are you here to offer me your services for later? I generally prefer women, but I might branch out if a handsome man like you is willing to beg...
Or are you here to offer your services for later? Normally I prefer women who reek of the gutter, but I'm willing to branch out... if you beg me.
I simply believe in exploring the darker aspects of human nature. I openly admit those hidden lustings others try to keep a shameful secret.
But I can see you aren't interested. So, what is your purpose here?
Gentle Breezes? So you're here to blackmail me with this scandal, are you? Well, my tastes are already well known at the Imperial Court.
Is that so? Let me guess: some sense of moral outrage at my perversions, no doubt. Well, my tastes are already well known at the Imperial Court.
Nobody cares about my... predilections... as long as I don't let my activities interfere with my duties as a judge.
My ring? But how... that harlot! I should have suspected something when she came to me willingly. Usually I have to command her presence.
Well, it seems you have me in an awkward position. I can't let it be known that I was foolish enough to let a whore steal my ring... I would lose my position.
So, what is it you want from me? Silver? An Imperial posting? What?
Of course. Now I understand. The Lotus Assassins are behind this, aren't they?
I should have known something like this would happen. They tried to bend me to their will, but I am not easily broken... or so I thought.
Are you proud of yourself? Bowing and scraping at the feet of your Lotus Assassin masters? Helping them to bring me down?
You think I'm an evil man, don't you? You think my soul is rotten and corrupt. But at least I have a soul. The same cannot be said for those you now serve.
The Lotus Assassins destroyed me. But now that I am gone, I wonder where their attention will turn next? Keep a close watch over your shoulder... *friend.*
My resignation is on the table. Take it and stamp it with my Imperial Ring yourself!
Healing
Dazed
Style Information
You have returned, living one. Have you found Kindly Yushan? Will the orphan-master come to bury our bones?
That cave is home to both toad demons and ogres, and both are in a foul temper from fighting over the space. Running in there is like moving from the claws to the fangs.
Delightful! Give it to me! Now we can rest in peace, Bin!
Miao is right, we can rest now. But I fear we will not rest easy. I wish you had not done this, living one. There has been too much death already.
Look, Bin. Look at Yushan's eyes. Isn't he funny? Now I can play with Yushan any time I want! Now I can hurt him!
You have freed us, living one... though I wish you had acted differently. I am afraid of what will happen to us when we leave this world now. I'm afraid of what will happen to Miao.
I'm not afraid. I've got Yushan to play with. And to hurt. Forever!
Horrible Hongshi
Saying sorry isn't enough. You must pay. Now I get to hurt you. Forever and ever!
Magic styles allow you to use your Chi to control the elements, while Transformation styles allow you to assume the form of creatures or even demons.
Why are you here? No one ever comes to the orphanage.
Are you here for us to hurt?
Power
Please... find my daughter. I can't leave without her. Please, find Fuyao and bring her back to me.
You can't touch us, living one. Once we lived in the orphanage, but when the waters came we became... what you see here. I am Bin, and this is Miao.
Speed
Range
Stop it, Miao! I don't like you hurting people. It's making you... strange.
I don't care. I don't care! Someone has to pay! Someone has to pay for what happened to us!
Defense
See, big people won't help us! They only like to hurt.
Just ignore her. She's gone strange because of what happened when... when the water came. We were locked in here, trapped in the orphanage with the rest of the children.
Shouji
I should be a woman now, with kids of my own. I should have a husband and a house. Instead I have ashes and bones.
I won't stand here and be lectured by a ghost!
Dirge Fountain
I don't think we should spend our time in here chatting. Let's get what we need and get out of here.
I'm only repeating what I've learned in my time here, senior student, but that was one of the first things I memorized.
FOUNTAIN WATER
Fang banished me to this remote post, seeking to slow me down. But with the town saved, it's only a matter of time until he is forced to call me back!
Gardening is stupid, but I like playing here. Dawn Star is nice.
The Abbot's Vengeance
The Cave
You tread dangerous ground, acolyte. Unless you plan to speed their processing in the extractor, you risk being punished for your impudence!
Return to Hui in the Teahouse. She will want to know that her mission is complete, despite your setback in the ruins.
The Lotus Assassins tricked Chai Ka the Heavenly Gate Guardian out of the amulet piece he was protecting, but he managed to preserve some of what was rightfully yours: a powerful gem you can add to your amulet. Return to Hui the Brave in the Teahouse and tell her what you have learned.
Kill the Lotus Assassin
Tell me your story again.
Here is Kindly Yushan's head.
It was only just.
Hui has completed her sworn duty to Master Li and has gone off to resume her life now that it is once again her own.
Miao seems pleased.
Creative Congying
Who--or what--are you?
Do that again and you'll be sorry!
Come, Fuyao, let's go. The others are waiting for us.
Calm down. Maybe I can help you.
The Lotus Assassin is hiding in the caves below the monastery.
The Abbot of Three Peaks Monastery has told you that his monks were murdered by a Lotus Assassin. You have found the man and gotten vengeance for the dead monks.
Maybe I could help you... for a price.
How did you end up like this?
Return to the Abbot
Teahouse
You... you killed him! I... I can see that he was truly mad. I didn't want it to end this way, but... maybe now he can rest in peace.
I am sorry. I'll repay you as soon as possible.
I may not know drama, but I know what I like. You sure you're not in the wrong line of work?
I only wish that I had had a chance to make him understand, to get him to forgive me.
I thank you, though, for what you tried to do. I.. I must be alone now.
Pirate
I know you! I saw you at Tien's Landing! I'm Yeung Yifong. Do you remember me? My daughter and I left town to try our luck in the wilderness.
We didn't get far outside the town before a flyer landed right in front of us. These pirates dragged us inside and brought us here to sell as slaves.
Rope
Sky left a few hours ago. He said he was going to see how far up the mountain they had come. We haven't heard from him since, and I'm... I'm worried.
I'm sorry, I haven't seen or heard anything. Perhaps one of the other students can help you.
I'll answer what I can.
I haven't talked to many of the newer students. The only one I have strong opinions about is Gao.
He and I have sparred many times. He has come dangerously close to injuring me, and I have seen his aggression hurt others.
I heard that you needed help opening the forest for travel again.
If it isn't two of Master Li's best and brightest! There's not much left for me to teach you two, so you can't be here for lessons.
Ah, you're cheerful today. Have you been teasing him, Dawn Star?
You look like you have something on your mind. What's the matter?
There you are! I have been hoping you would wander by.
Golems are immune to Martial, Support, and Magical styles. Use Transformation or Weapon styles to defeat them, and fuel those styles with Spirit Thief.\n
That bog is full of bandits and who knows what else.
The Water Dragon... the Shepherd of the Dead, a goddess of rebirth. To try and steal her power; to even think it could be attempted... has any mortal ever shown such arrogance?
The Lesser? No. I *heard* him pass, though. Him and that foul mouth of his. He was swearing up a storm heading out of the village.
It sounded like he was dragging something heavy. I doubt he knows how to lift properly. I'm sure he's never done a day of honest hard labor.
No, she hasn't been this way. I've been testing the balance on some new practice blades that came in with Fen Do's new shipment, so I might have missed her.
Good luck to you.
Oh, there's no need for titles. Not from you two.
Already? I assume you dealt with them, and the rest are in for quite a surprise when they get here. Well, no time to waste.
Your weapon is well deserved, and you'll need it with these bandits so close.
That you should. Those people will be looking to you for leadership until Master Li gets back. I know you'll do well.
[A clay tablet like the others you previously encountered. The script is once again written in your master's hand.]
[Not all spirits succumb to bestial rage. A strong will can transcend death. These beings may have powers beyond any living foe, and intelligence to beguile and confuse.]
[All will suffer if the dead remain this way. Soon you must leave Two Rivers. Seek the source of this problem, even if it leads to the heart of the Empire.]
[I have old friends who may guide you, but I have old enemies, too. The cave is secure; meditate on what you see here. When you leave, all will be changed.]
The only thing left for you to learn is respect for others. You never can tell who might be an easily offended master of a style you don't know how to counter.
Speak with Hui
Speak with Hui in the teahouse. She has waited a long time to share what she knows about Master Li and your destiny.
I don't have time to waste. You have something for me?
There are many beings that exist beyond our experience. The heavens are governed by a Celestial Bureaucracy. Each facet of existence is managed by a specialized attendant.
Most appear to have little influence, but some, like the Water Dragon, have a portfolio that grants exceptional status. She was said to have governance over the Great Wheel.
She was not a maker, but all life that ended passed her gaze before returning to the earth in another form. Sun Hai sought rebirth for his Empire at the cost of the natural order.
Have you seen Gao?
Have you seen Dawn Star?
I'll be going now.
Bandit scouts are here in Two Rivers. Master Li sent me for a weapon.
Would you want us to kill Fang and his guards too? Slaughter everyone? Not only does it seem excessive, but I don't think that's how Inquisitors operate.
I should go see to the townsfolk now.
[This igniter is attached to three large firework racks via a series of fuses.]
I learn something every time we meet, proving that loss sometimes is the best teacher. Thank the heavens that the bruises are worth it.
Unless you have something else to give me, I'm finished with you.
Ssss! Why you have to be there, now me have to fight!
I'm sure they are heartfelt.
You are incorrigible.
You can only use this gem once. Once you place this gem on the amulet, you cannot remove it. Once its power has been used up, it will disintegrate, freeing up the slot on the amulet, once its power has been used up.
The Great Wheel is a way to envision the cycle of rebirth. I believe that when something dies, it is reborn as something else. After some form of assessment, of course.
I have a moment of power, a window to grant knowledge of a primal energy. You must choose between ice and fire, and I will grant the skill to bring them to your hands.
You live, but the portal was not sealed quickly enough. Defeat the maddened creatures that have followed you, or your life will once again be undone.
Seek your fellows. They know about your awakening and are on their way to the shelter of Dirge. Hurry, others will find you soon enough.
You just try and put that sticky ointment on me and I'll show you how irritable I can be!
He has earned my ire as well as yours. I will help if I can.
This seems like a personal dispute, but if the dog needs to die, so be it.
It doesn't matter to me! Master Li isn't here to restrict how I fight! I'll kill you both in time to see the red sky over your village!
You couldn't beat me alone. Now Dawn Star is with me.
You couldn't beat me alone. Now I have Zu as an ally.
Death's Hand should know better than to send his minions out alone.
I swear, one of these days I'll find a way around your guard.
(Grumbling snores.)
I'm not perfect, it's just years of training.
Fine. Only one quarter of your winnings will be deducted, if you accept, that is.
Ho Chong
That is why Death's Hand stands at the forefront of the Assassins. He draws attention, diverts criticism, while the Emperor solidifies his power.
If Gao killed that new student, he's a monster!
What *are* you? Your skills are more than this tiny village warrants, but I also see something strange... an oddity. You could be an anomaly... or a sign of who I seek.
A further test is needed! These mercenaries are not the only threat I command! Let us see you contend with this!
What is this? Weaklings, all of you!
You are gracious, as always. I regret that there won't be much time for such practice now that you have almost finished your training.
As I said, I have a special incentive for anyone who can beat her performance, but you will have to wait until she is healed before I have enough students.
Jade Empire Engine (c) *cod1* (p) 2002-2007 BioWare Corp. All rights reserved. BioWare Corp., the BioWare Corp. logo, BioWare and the BioWare logo, Jade Empire and the Jade Empire logo, and the Jade Empire Engine are either registered trademarks or trademarks of BioWare Corp. in the United States and/or other countries. All rights reserved. Uses Bink Video. Copyright (c) 1997-2007 by RAD Game Tools, Inc.*cod2**cod2*
Her wound was not mortal, but it was severe enough that I will not let her fight as she is. I suppose you could ask her if there's anything you could do to help.
Good. The time comes when you will know all you need to. For now, keep the basics at heart.
Kia Min says that she is feeling well, and her wound seems to be already healing. I believe she will provide a fine challenge for you.
You near the end of your training, but I am still your master. You have a greater role than you know. For now, do as I say, and keep the basics at heart.
Dawn Star will be near her garden at the entrance to the school. Gujin will be in his shop near the village gate, up the stairs from the village square.
Master Li told me to pass on that you should speak to him when you have the chance. He said you could take your time, so you need not rush.
You have some time to wander the school and talk with other students. Smiling Mountain likely has some of the younger students available if you want to spar.
Restless Spirit
Ah, there you are, my student. It is not like you to turn down a friendly match with Jing Woo, but you have exceeded the point where you can learn much from facing him.
Kia Min says that she is feeling well, though I worry about such exertions so soon after a wound. But, she knows her capabilities and would not take a foolish risk.
If you win this match, then I will have a special reward for you. Good fortunes.
I'm afraid that unless Kia Min is feeling well enough to face you, I don't have enough students to allow you to do anything but tie her record.
There are a few, but not enough for me to set up some of the more challenging matches that I'm sure you would prefer.
With the bandits approaching, most of the students are busy, but if you wish to limber up, I can set up a quick match. I want you at your best when the bandits arrive.
There will be more students available later in the day when many of their exercises have concluded.
Enjoy the words of your fellows. I will wait in the main hall, where we will discuss the Spirit Cave. Be certain you are ready when you come to me; your life is about to change.
What is this place?
Well done. As promised, here is a reward for setting a new standard. Kia Min is eager to try again, but I asked her to rest for now. She seems well, despite her earlier injury.
I will do as you ask.
Is that all? Am I an errand boy? I'm better than that.
You have set a new standard and your prize is well-earned, but forgive me, my attention is elsewhere. Kia Min's injury has worsened, as you could probably see.
Where can I find Dawn Star and Gujin?
You do not need to be so confrontational. This was merely practice. One of the few times where a loss carries no impact.
I didn't expect to beat you. No doubt you were focused on technique and got distracted.
Your defiance grows tiresome, student of Li. You must learn your place in the order of things.
Fools! Can you not dispose of one defiant peasant?
Exit
Ai Ling
Why does it matter? I was born by my mother and sucked at her teat like every man... well, like every man does with *his* mother.
Anyway, by the time I was old enough to swing an axe, my father was dead and my mother disowned me. 'Course, killing my father might have given her reason.
I think she did it out of shame. My father beat me and my brother senseless and made our lives miserable. Either way, that was the end of my childhood.
Ha! I wasn't brave. I was furious... and he was drunk. It was an easy fight.
I've done worse since then, believe me.
I traveled a lot after that, begging for some things and taking the rest. Tough times, but not the worst. My axes and my wits kept me alive.
Yeah, yeah. I had some wits before I got them all knocked out of me. Mostly I just used my axes and my fists.
You'd think a seven year old might be an easy target, but I soon learned just where to cut a man to make a him squeal like a pig. Ahh... those were the days.
Then there's merchant Fen Do. Someday, I'd appreciate it if he'd quit complaining that he hasn't struck it rich yet. At least he hasn't struck it elderly, I say.
Gao's actions were foolish. He knew he could not beat you fairly, and so he chose to catch you by surprise.
I hear bandits have injured Kia Min! She is a favorite pupil, and holds the record for the challenge I run. I'm sure Master Li will take care of her.
Can we talk about Kia Min?
You wish to challenge the one person brave enough to get the dam closed? You're slower than I thought. No thanks, I don't need you damaged.
There is a place for the enforcer, the man or woman who brings death to those who have earned or otherwise deserve it. I consider that to be an honest calling.
Merchant Bai will not rest easy in his grave, convinced that he is being tormented even in death.
A Fearful Ghost
You have encountered the spirit of Mister Ren, who has sworn vengeance against his wife, Ren Feng. He does not seem to be able to rest until this vengeance is carried out.
A Vengeful Ghost
Very well, I will face you myself! No matter your destiny, you will fall here today!
There might be another option.
On second thought, death is too easy.
Storm Dragon
Heavenly Wave
Iron Palm
What's your pleasure?
Look at that camera go!
Do camera demo.
Never mind.
Get shiny bauble.
Talk to Bert
Get Part A
Get Part B
Talk to Wuzza
Talk to Ert
Foo Found
You're right. Forget I said anything.
Did the teahouse change owners recently?
Tell me more about Dutong.
Give it up? What do you mean?
Give me some more advice.
Greetingsh and shalutations! Welcome to Mashter Dutong'sh teahoushe! What can I do for you, my friend?
Whadda you want? Come to mock me? Come to laugh at the tragedy that ish the life of Three Sheetsh Dutong?
You! I've sheen you around here, shkulking around. Watching me. Why ish you following me? What do you want?
Of course, you are the expert on demons, having faced one in the ring already. I hoped the rumors they would bring such beasts into the ring were false.
I thought one of the sailors trapped here might make a good husband, but they're just a bunch of drunks!
Hello there, traveler. Forgive my forwardness, but I noticed your arrival earlier while I was at the tavern. That flying machine of yours is truly a marvel.
I actually have a design for a new prototype flyer, and I hope to get funding to build it one day. The other scholars aren't interested in my inventions, though.
I also collect interesting magical items when I can find them. Some of them I use, and some of them I sell to fund my flyer project.
Me? You want to ask *me* something? Well, sure, I'd be glad to help you if I can. What would you like to know?
You cannot unselect a choice from a previous level.
You cannot purchase this upgrade until you have bought the one before it.
That's right, you're new here, aren't you? Well, where should I begin? There's so much to tell you. There are several important areas here in the city.
Of course, there are also many different services, too. Um, I'm not sure what to tell you first.
Sure. Well, let's see. This place is the Scholars' Garden. For the most part, only stuffy old philosophers and scholars reside here.
You'll also find the path to the Black Leopard School there, across the river from the arena. I haven't been there, but I hear it's an interesting place to visit.
One of the best places in the city is the arena. Just don't tell my masters I said so. If you go to the arena, you'll also see the Heart of the Empire Tavern.
I'm not supposed to go there... at least, not when I'm studying. But it's hard to resist. It's known as the best tavern in all the Empire.
I actually do some of my best thinking while I'm there. I like to sit in the upper rooms with a bit of wine and just look out over the city... or the arena.
Well, I've got some magical items you might find interesting. You can also try Wu Pingbo. I often go to him when I need something. He's over in the Market District.
Switch
Yellow switch
Green switch
Red switch
It's one of my guilty pleasures, I have to admit. When I was a little boy I used to dream of fighting in the arena. My uncle had other plans, however.
At any rate, watching those fighters compete is one of the most exhilarating experiences. You look as though you could handle yourself in the arena.
Of course. What do you want to know?
Now, there's a question you don't hear very often. Not too many people like to talk about him. In fact, if I were you, I'd be careful who I ask.
I'm not one to believe in superstitious nonsense, but I still wouldn't want to draw his attention. He's very powerful and very dangerous.
Some people even suggest that he has gained some control over our honorable Emperor. I find it hard to believe, but I suppose it's possible.
This choice is disallowed.
This choice is the prerequisite of an existing choice.
I'll leave you to your drinking.
Blue switch
Shrine
A city like this always has rumors. Some people say the ghosts are angry and attacking innocent people. Another rumor suggests the Emperor is dying.
But I wouldn't believe any of that. Just because the Emperor hasn't been seen in a while doesn't mean he's ill. Perhaps he just wants some solitude.
Let's talk about that writ you showed Mother Kwan.
Hello again, dearie. I hope you're having a nice time here in my--I mean, in Master Dutong's--teahouse.
Blossom - test version
That doesn't work, does it?
Imperial Guard Captain
This is going to be painful... for you.
I want to ask you some questions.
I'm watching you. Don't try anything funny.
Dutong says he hired me because I'm big as an ox and just as smart.
Three Sheets Dutong
What? Can't you just leave an old man in peace?
Why do you care? That was a long time ago. Long, long ago. All I want is to forget those days. They're gone... gone forever.
If you wish, but only introspection reveals true insight. I used to call the trading center of Phoenix Gate my home, but I am settled here. I have nothing to go back to.
A better man might have saved them. Sometimes I wonder... I wonder if I should have died with them.\n
Your threat holds little power over me. I deserve to suffer... I deserve death. I would have done it myself were I not such a coward.\n
No! Not the orphanage. The ruins are haunted! The children will be waiting for me. No!
You're right. I can carry this burden no longer. I must face the demons of my past and end this, one way or another. I will go with you and accept whatever fate awaits me.
Yes... do it! I only ask that you make it quick.
Sorry doesn't count for much. Sorry can't erase our mistakes. Sorry can't change the past.
You used to be the orphan-master before the flood?
I'm taking you to the orphanage... now!
What happened the day of the flood?
Time to end your miserable life!
If you want redemption, meet me at the orphanage.
You carry them with you anyway. Now you can free yourself.
You can come willingly, or I can drag you. Your choice.
Then I will give you the death you deserve!
I'm sorry.
Bring me Kindly Yushan's head. If you won't do that, then go away and leave me alone.
You... you live? All this time, you were here. I left you to this... I'm sorry. Please forgive me!
No, Miao. Yushan was not brought here so you could make him suffer. He must bury our bones. Then we can finally rest.\n
Yes... it's time for this to end. I... I want you to know I'm sorry, Bin. I'm sorry for what happened to you. I'm sorry for what I did....
Goodbye, living one. Goodbye, forever.
I am so sorry...
Killer Wenya
Poisoned
Petrified
Afraid
Sorry, Bin. I'm letting Miao have her revenge.
Howling Haulun
Do as Bin says, Yushan. Bury these bones.
Wait! This man is just a poor peasant. Show some compassion. At least hear what he has to say!
Fleeing
This forest is full of ghosts, and they grow bolder by the day. They have never appeared in this campsite before, but now I find you under attack here.
You have no right to talk, vermin.
And here is one more to kill for Gao. What fun.
Slaver
You are an orphan, but you were not abandoned. You were rescued from the temple of Dirge, in the Land of Howling Spirits. You were orphaned by violent action.
Thank you for the bout.
I take responsibility for it. You see, I used to be more than a humble teacher. To learn of yourself, you must learn more of me. I was once leader of the Imperial Army.
Each bruise is a mark of your failure to learn our Master's teachings.
Such things happen.
Enjoy it. It won't happen again.
I am sorry, but I wanted your development unspoiled by expectation, and with the events of late... well, there have been many factors acting upon you.
I almost forgot! The director asked me to give you this. He was very pleased with how you worked the new revisions into the play so naturally.
I will tell you more, but first, we have an uninvited visitor.
Gao never could keep his ears to himself, especially when angry. So predictable. He's heard as much as I wanted him to. Perhaps it will give him a little perspective.
He should respect even the most humble person, because who knows what lies within? That includes you and me both.
I withdrew my support, and tried to rally your people against the siege I had helped plan. A doomed effort. Many died on both sides. Sun Kin, another brother, also fell.
Your people were killed. I am haunted by it, and now the world may join me. The assassin on the beach was a Lotus Assassin, a minion of Death's Hand. More will come.
Most in the Empire know nothing of the Land of Howling Spirits. I found its people to be honorable, but I can't tell you more than that. There was no time to learn more.
You were meant for something important, but because of my actions it was denied you. Stories about ghosts... the assassin on the beach. You are tied to this.
The Spirit Cave will make things as clear as they can be. Only you are meant to understand what is within. You will see the corruption of the spirit realm for yourself.
No, but few places truly are. This has been a lot to comprehend, so take your time. There are instructions inside, and something that belongs to you. An amulet.
When you emerge you will know more about yourself and your destiny than I can explain. And you will better know your enemy.
It was partly the strange skills of Dawn Star that showed me to the corruption, and partly something that belongs to you. You'll understand when you enter.
Er, well, it is thought that spirits naturally try to find their way to the underworld, but if their lives or deaths were painful, they return to what was familiar.
The school has seen its share of tragedy in the past. Something of yours has allowed me to keep the students protected, but the dead will be everywhere soon enough.
You must enter and see for yourself.
Good. Focus on that. It will... keep your head clear. I know you are up to this task. There are instructions inside, and something that belongs to you. An amulet.
He is the right hand of the Emperor, and rules the Lotus Assassins in place of Prince Sun Kin who was killed at Dirge, a death he may have orchestrated.
He shows no hesitation, and gave no thought to the lives of those we faced. His influence poisons the Emperor. I have no doubt he is utterly evil.
I know you. You are servants of the Water Dragon, who once ruled Dirge. But your mistress has no power here now.
There were three: Emperor Sun Hai; Prince Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven; and myself, Sun Li the Glorious Strategist. Age decided our place in the order of things.
Sun Hai was the eldest and therefore emperor. I was next and was head of the army. Sun Kin was the youngest and leader of the monastic order.
Your people were guardians, but we did not have a clear idea of what. It is tied to your destiny. I will explain if you want me to move on.
I've hid it well, along with my shame. He seized your homeland during the Long Drought. It was an aggressive change in the Empire that would soon bring Death's Hand to power.
What are you doing out here? You are supposed to be meditating on the amulet and what you have learned for at least another day!
A vision? Ah... of course you did. A natural reaction to the great amount of information I have placed before you. It may have something to do with your amulet.
Er... tell me, did you learn anything about the destiny that stretches before you? Or what has led you this far?
A spirit released you? That explains your strange exit. This is a very sudden development I did not foresee. Perhaps it has something to do with your amulet.
Master Li! There's still no sign of her.
What? What is it, Woo? I'm sorry, my mind was elsewhere.
Dawn Star, as I told you, Master. She went missing after Gao's men were discovered in the school. The state of her room suggests some sort of fight took place.
I see. She is not there?
No, Master Li. There is no sign of her.
I see. This may prove useful. Thank you, Jing Woo. You may go.
Your appearance put Gao's disgrace out of my mind, but it would seem that your... early exit from the caves has come at just the right time.
I doubt she has come to harm. She is a strong woman, as you know. That doesn't mean you shouldn't search for her. It will be a good measure of your ability.
I didn't mean to appear callous. I'm sure Dawn Star is fine. What I meant was that this will serve as a final measure of your abilities.
What better way to show mastery over your abilities than to turn them towards helping your fellow student?
Seek her out. I doubt she is in the school, and someone would have seen her if she was in the village. You might want to try the surrounding marshland.\n
That is good. Time is very important. Here, take some silver. I asked Fen Do and the others to stock essence gems in preparation for this day. Hopefully, they have done so.
Questions must wait. Time is critical. Take some silver. I asked Fen Do and the others to stock essence gems in preparation for this day. Hopefully, they have done so.
Dawn Star needs you. Gao will not simply hide in the village. Leave quickly, but take your time searching the marshes. All will be clear when you return.
I think I'm better now. The Other is down... far down. I can't really tell where he is anymore. I know I'll stay with you no matter what.
Sorcerer
Summoned Ghost
How would I know that? You tell me nothing!
You are a fool. You would act as the Empire's conscience, but you flock to the garish displays of Death's Hand, oblivious to the truth.
You lay claim to a powerful lineage. Indeed, you seem to have correctly named your enemy, despite the more obvious target of Death's Hand.
I am listening. What is the next step?
You there. Sky. I see you skulking around like a ghost. Where have you been?
Master! You've never said anything about this!
Why hide that you are the Emperor's brother?
Can you tell me anything about my people?
Let's move on. Tell me what this has to do with my destiny.
Kill...
Death...
Is it safe?
Feed...
Why is it part of the school?
But how did it get here? How do you know what is inside?
It still seems odd to me.
Who is this *cod6*Death's Hand?*cod6*
What do you mean that the world may join you?
How many brothers are in the Emperor's family?
I'm not sure I believe you are the Emperor's brother.
I couldn't say. It was awfully large and looked heavy, but I was watching from a ways away. We didn't want to get close to that murderer.
Why would I believe that? It's too incredible.
Recessed Hatch
Don't let the novices bother you. They can be a bit annoying until they learn to respect you properly.
I had a vision. It was very sudden.\n
She said I was the last Spirit Monk. What does that mean?
I didn't need that long. A spirit released me.
Dawn Star is missing? Where would she go?
What did you mean when you said this will be useful?
I will start right away.
I have more questions about what I have seen.
I need information about this journey I'm supposed to go on.
If you want to learn how to fight, speak with First Brother. If you want to *see* great fighting, watch Third Brother.
Good. Let's head to the practice ring so Master Radiant can observe the fight from his room.
Yes, let's begin.
I'm ready if you are.
Finally, Master Radiant is out of the way. Now Master Smiling Hawk can make our school strong again.
Master Smiling Hawk said you aren't a member of the school anymore. I'm not allowed to fight with you.
Thank you so much. I was at my wit's end. You've done me a great service today.
Come Zhong, let's go home.
That's fine with me. The more I fight you, the closer I come to figuring out your technique.
You again. I'll fight you again if you want, but maybe you should try Fifth Brother next... if you haven't already. It's up to you.
Hello again. Come to regain your pride? Don't worry, I've beaten most of the students here. I'll give you another chance, if you like.
Are you interested in fighting, or did you just come here to talk?
I'm always ready to fight!
So you're the one who was challenging our novices earlier. That might impress Master Radiant, but it won't get you noticed by Master Smiling Hawk.
I'm Sixth Brother Gaoshan. If you think you can defeat a disciple of Master Smiling Hawk, challenge *me*. I assure you, I'm much tougher than the novices.
All right, follow me.
You will be well rewarded... if you succeed. Go now... Third Brother has agreed to withdraw from his fight with you. You can deal directly with First Brother.
Master Li keeps talking about restless dead, but there's nothing like that around here.
Gao refuses to practice with the rest of us. He thinks he's too good for us.
Ha! So you'd rather talk than fight. It's students like you that are giving the Black Leopard School a bad name.
Zhong coming. Zhong go home now.
I'd like to spar with you.
At the center of it all is the Emperor's Tomb. A monstrosity, I tell you. Completely unnecessary, but the Emperor's word is law. And they never even finished the thing.
Cold Quing
So there is no way I can get rid of you?
I have you!
My style won't serve here.
Cry for your life.
You have attracted a very odd minion in that girl, Wild Flower. I sense great conflict in that one. Tread lightly.
Sagacious Zu, could that be actual concern in your voice?
It would be a great inconvenience if we were all suddenly slaughtered. Now, what do you need of me?
Have I become such a thorn in the Serpent's side? How do you know this?
I've come to finish what you started.
You got something to say, you say it to Ai Ling. She's in charge here.
We hid out of sight as Gao went toward the gate out of town.
*cod7**cod9**cod8* Silver
I got some red silk grass from Old Ming and need to return to Fen Do so he can produce the medicinal wraps.
Kia Ming from the school asked me to get her some medicinal wraps from the merchant Fen Do in the village. I got some red silk grass from Old Ming and need to bring it to Fen Do so he can produce the wraps.
Ah, are you the student I am waiting for? I can't delay any longer. I cannot miss the window of opportunity for a summoning.
As I was saying, golems are playthings, devoid of cunning. The latest stockpile stands idle, waiting for a Jade Golem to make them useful. A waste.
I will show Grand Inquisitor Jia that tapping the spirit realm for servants is more efficient. Witness as I effortlessly summon an able minion from the void.
There are hardly any preparations needed, acolyte. They *want* to serve. They tell me so. Golems want nothing.
Swamp Cave
Jade Golem
Ours... mine. All mine. Alive, dead... no matter. All mine.
To the school
Possibly, but we were too far away to say for sure. If you really want to know, go catch that fiend! He was headed for the gate out of town.
It is not important. Suffice to say that I prefer this little village to the temptations of a greater city. Enough about me. What else can I do for you?
Gao was in a rush, but you might be able to catch him still.
The feeling is mutual, though I think you deserve more than just thanks.
I suspect they are constantly adjusting odds through their control of the bets, but at least we can keep the combat honorable in the ring.
The whetstone must give of itself to hone the blade. For a second I thought I'd detected a glimpse of altruism in this place.
I have long promised that I would train anyone who defeats me. My skills with the sword are imperfect but there are things I can teach you that no other could.
Good Play, Satire
I can take you no farther. Be wary in this place. Pirates everywhere.
Master Radiant is a great leader, but he never comes out of his room anymore. Master Smiling Hawk, on the other hand... well, I shouldn't say anything about that.
Crowd Member
Not I! Remember, this barge is our only way out of here. Someone has to guard it, or else the pirates could cut us off.
Very well.
One of the slaves is loose!
Thief! Die!
You're in for it now!
You're going down!
You're a pretty lass, but I'll kill you anyway!
You're a handsome fella, but I'll kill you anyway!
I'll throw you in the slave pens, I will!
You shouldn't have come here!
Now you pay!
Scum! Do you know who we work for?
Master Gao will reward me for your head! Even the Lotus Assassins will be jealous!
Search the Ruins
*cod2**cod2*Wherein a Master foretells of doom,*cod2*A rival challenges for station, *cod2*And the past haunts the present.*cod2**cod2*Your training nears its completion in the idyllic setting of Two Rivers. Master Li promises that soon you will know more about how you came here and where your future will lead. All the while, strange tales begin to spread of ghosts that will not rest and shadowy assassins who heed no law.
Find the amulet lost in the ruins west of Tien's Landing. Be careful; there may be hidden dangers in the newly uncovered town.
Hui told a story of a wounded monk who fled the destruction of Dirge with another piece of the amulet Master Li gave you. The monk died in old Tien's Landing, and his possessions were lost there when the village flooded. Now that the waters have receded, you should be able to recover the amulet piece and add it to the piece you now wear.
Something tells me it will be a long time before Min fully recovers.
It was good of you to help her. Min is the best of the newer students.
Where is Gao? He has taken my friend.
Thank you, my lady. I have my daughter back, and we are free. If I had any type of reward to give you, it would be yours.
This... this is madness! Stop this at once! Put that knife down!
I... I don't want to be a slave. I have to be strong.
No! Fuyao, what have you done!
Bend like the willow: switch styles with the directional pad to quickly adjust your tactics.
Speak With Master Li
According to Jing Woo, there is no real rush, but Master Li wishes to speak with you in his house when you are ready.
Find Dawn Star
Master Li asked you to find Dawn Star, a childhood friend and fellow student. She should be in her garden on the way toward town.
Master Li was about to tell you something important, but word of a student injured by bandits interrupted your conversation. With no other town near, it seems likely Two Rivers is their destination.
I... I killed him. I stabbed him with the knife. He... he didn't even fight back.
Even if it's true, did she have learn it like this?
That's not true! How dare you preach such a philosophy to my daughter?
How dare you say that to my child! She's not a murderer!
I think... I think I liked it when I felt the knife go in. Like people have to listen to me now. It made me feel... good.
No, Fuyao! Don't say such horrible things!
I... I guess you speak the truth. These are dark times, and no one can afford innocence any more. I suppose... I suppose we should be grateful.
Eternally Mistepping Hou! Where have you been! Do you have any idea how long I have waited for you to come back from your *cod6*errand!*cod6*
*cod6*I'll only be gone for a minute.*cod6* That's what you said. Now I find you've been gallivanting across the Empire with... some band of misfits. And women!
It's like my sister said about you: *cod6*That man's going to run off on you,*cod6* she said! *cod6*He'll be unfaithful at the drop of a bun, and you know how often he does that!*cod6*
You left me with how many orders? Too many, and only your worthless cousin to help. The man doesn't know a bun from road apple. A hard lesson, but I taught him.
Wait... why do you smell like wine? You've been teaching Drunken Master again. You promised to give that up. Weaving may avoid blows but it's no good for cooking.
Student Zheng
Load Most Recent
Remember the six batches of buns we had to throw away? They tasted the same, but no one wanted your twisted creations. Bendy buns make people uncomfortable.
I should know. I have to hear the comments while you are off doing who knows what at the ends of the Empire. Just who are those people I saw you with?
A bunch of fighters, drunks, slumming nobles, and charlatan mystics. You always find the worst sort of rabble to bring home. Well, not this time.
Why do you keep running around like this? You are not lord of the arena anymore. You are Hou, bun master and husband. Is that not enough?
I should have known you wouldn't be happy with a simple life, but you know you would be dead if you kept up your old ways. I saved you, and this is the thanks I get.
I can't really think of anything else to tell you. If you want to know more, ask First Brother Kai.
The other furnaces have colored crystals in them, presumably to alter the light. Lord Yun's father called this *cod6*the ritual of seasons.*cod6*
But how can one choose both the Open Palm and Closed Fist?
*cod6*A forest,*cod6* he said, *cod6*cares about only two seasons. The cooler air of winter and the blistering heat of summer are the only things it notices.*cod6*
It's attached to some sort of lens that I believe is designed to focus light from the furnaces. If you get the ritual right, it is supposed to reveal the Forest Shadow.
You are one of Master Li's students! You... you are the one who killed my son, Gao!
*cod6*Winter skies are crisp and blue, while the fields of spring are green. Summer's heat is burning red, while in autumn, yellow leaves are seen.*cod6*
He dares to use my own weapons against me? Stop that fool before he does any more damage!
She dares to use my own weapons against me? Stop that fool before she does any more damage!
Get away from my ship!
This is a restricted area, slave!
Use the brands! Hit him with the hot brands!
The pirates are just one more affliction that plagues this troubled town, and yet another headache for poor Minister Sheng.
They raid the surrounding countryside, swooping down with their flyers to capture slaves. Do you know how bad it looks when someone under my jurisdiction is captured by slavers?
Fortunately, they haven't attacked the town itself yet. Gao, the man I hear is running them, knows that would draw too much attention.
The drunks clogging up the streets aren't pirates. They're only traveling merchants, sailors who were trapped here when the dam was opened.
Minister Sheng finds them to be an annoyance, but not a concern worth worrying about. If the dam is closed they will simply disappear. Not like Gao and his pirates.
Yes, I believe that was his name. Gao. An unsavory character by all accounts. There are even rumors he is connected to that infamous crime syndicate known as the Guild.
The pirates have been operating in this area for many years, or so I was told. However, things became much more serious when Gao took over.
You dare disturb me in my grief? I said, no interruptions! You will pay for... wait. You are not one of my servants. I know you.
That is the way of things here. Take care of yourself first. Risks bear penalties as well as rewards.
Why didn't you help me fight Shin's Attendants?
It will be a simple matter. Five judges, six topics. I'll pose my argument about why your foolish land stumbles like a child, and you try to answer.
The judges will raise their arms to indicate whom they favor. Arms up for you, arms down for me. After six topics, if you have a majority, you are the winner.
By the Queen's corset, if you get them all on your side at any time, I'll declare the match over. Now, shall we proceed?
I will pull no punches, and I expect no mercy on your part. Let us see which of us is truly superior.
You have gone quite far enough. I am Inquisitor Lim, an elite of the Lotus Assassins.
I simply fill a need the best way I can. What is the crime in that? Now, if you're looking for a little extra coin, I really need some help.
Someone who knows how to keep their mouth shut and recognizes a good deal. Someone who likes silver... lots of silver. Does this sound like you?
You do not face Emperor Sun Li. You face the whole of the Imperial Army. All of it. Not lone Assassins or a single brigade, but the whole of the army, golems and all!
It's funny what things you can learn if you just ask at the right time, like when you have a knife to someone's throat.
The door at the top of this stair is locked through a fairly ingenious mechanism. Gao's engineer, Kang the Mad, designed it for security.
Kang the Mad is a crafty fellow. The door requires two to unlock it. Up high there is a platform with the release lever.
The door must be operated while that lever is held forward. There used to be a sentry up there who handled that kind of thing, but he had an... accident.
Once the door is open, we can go our separate ways. I have my goals, and I'm sure you have yours. Since we both have much to do, why don't I go unlock the door now?
One of the people hit hardest by the opening of the dam is Captain Ing. The river is too low and fast for his ship, so he is trapped in Tien's Landing with no way to earn his livelihood, and his men are becoming mutinous. If you close the dam, he will reward you with silver, although he has little to spare.
Trapped
The pirates started using flyers and gathering slaves at an enormous rate. I imagine things are very unpleasant over at their camp... not that I'm willing to go take a look!
Are you accusing Minister Sheng of neglecting this problem? It's not that easy. One can't simply point and say *cod6*the pirates are over there*cod6*! Well, actually one can.
But the only approach is by river, and no sane bargeman would be willing to risk such a journey. Sane people don't go looking for the pirates, they avoid them.
Oh, yes! Let's! Nothing would please Minister Sheng more.
I've heard there are pirates around.
What can you tell me about these pirates?
What do you know about pirates in the area?
Damn you and that school! My Gao was never good enough for Master Li; you were always his prize pupil. And now my son is....
Gao may be gone, but I will avenge him! I know the styles your broken old master taught you, and I know how to beat them! I promise your death will be both slow and painful!
A reasonable punishment. Gao has some things right.
Good job with those ruffians! Those bandits weren't gentle with this town. I'm going to help out with some of the repairs.
Black Leopard Training Results
Are you sure she isn't off by herself somewhere? She's always been so moody. I'm sorry, but I haven't heard or seen anything odd.
Everyone's here except Gao, and he has no place here any more. He seemed to be in a hurry as he was packing,though.
As I said, I did hear Gao muttering threats under his breath after he was removed from the school, but surely that's nothing.
I have no idea. If her garden or room is disturbed as Jing Woo said, maybe she chased the person who did it. I don't know why she didn't call an alarm, though.
The gate at the center of the village is the only way out. Sometimes boats pass by, but this isn't the season for them.
If you wish. What do you want to ask about?
Why would you ask me? Everyone knows I don't get along with her.
She's too moody to talk to. Always looking past you, as if there's something more interesting happening behind you.
You certainly don't seem to have any trouble getting along with her. And you, of all people, should know to look for her at her garden by the school gate.
I suppose she will be at her garden by the school gate. You could look for her there.
As I said, I'm not really the person to ask, but she is probably near her garden by the school gate.
You think I will talk about them behind their backs? I will, but I don't want people to think of me as the local gossip, even if I am just that.
Of note? There is only one student *cod6*of note,*cod6* and that would be you. Everyone else, even Dawn Star, is just a background for you and your supposed destiny.
Not that you don't deserve the attention. I'd be flirting with you non-stop if you weren't so focused on whatever it is Master Li has in store for you.
All of us get a little envious of that. Even Gao gets pushed aside, and he doesn't like being anything less than the center of attention.
I'm sure you know that your implied status causes jealous remarks. I have muttered a few, but I don't mean you harm.
The one you should be careful of is Gao, but I'm not telling you anything you don't already know.
You know him as well as I do. A rich man's son. He's attractive, I suppose, but arrogance follows him like a cloud of locusts.
I hear his father is the same way. Gao the Greater and Gao the Lesser; not a family I would want to be a part of.
You and Dawn Star have both had a lifetime of training under Master Li. He is stern with you, but you sure can see that he's proud as well.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't be like that. Dawn Star is a fine person. She just... sees things that I can't.
I know there are ghosts and spirits, but why should she be able to *cod6*sense*cod6* them when I can't? What makes her special?
I've already said enough. You can talk to her about what she sees.
Maybe that's why you two get along so well. Maybe her *cod6*sense*cod6* for ghosts and the like meshes well with the great destiny Master Li sees for you?
As I said, you've known her forever and you're very close. Her *cod6*sense*cod6* for ghosts and the like obviously meshes well with whatever destiny Master Li sees for you.
You know what is said. Master Li believes you are special but won't say why. It makes you... interesting.
Some of the others don't find it as intriguing as I do. Some even consider it an attack on their worth.
Gao, obviously. You know he doesn't like you. He never has. And when Master Li tells him to model himself after you, that just makes it worse.
Master Li never stops talking about you. You are special, or so we are repeatedly told. It can get annoying. Then again, some find it outright threatening.
Quite a bit, as I said. Master Li considers you special, and that causes rivalries. I doubt there's much you can do about it.
Master Li took me in when no one else would. He is a firm master but a kind man deep inside.
I imagine that he walked. If you want anything more than that you'll have to ask someone who was here at the time. That was twenty years ago.
I really don't know or care. It may as well have been Sagacious Tien, the first Emperor. That was before I was born.
The Emperor's brother? I thought both of his brothers died twenty years ago. Master Li says a lot of odd things. You probably just misheard him.
Yes, you said that already. It's not getting any more believable.
Other than what Dawn Star *cod6*senses,*cod6* all I have is stories, but they're becoming more and more common.
We could, if you wish, but it's much more fun to talk about others. Oh, I'm kidding. Of course we can talk a bit.
I wasn't the delicate flower my family had hoped for. They believed school would calm my spirit.
But Master Li has shown me how to focus myself. I have learned many skills while here, and not many of them require that I be *cod6*delicate.*cod6*
When I am done? I... haven't really thought about it. I won't go home; there's no place for me there.
If I can stomach the books, I could become a scholar. Perhaps I will go to the Imperial City. I should see it at least once in my life.
Again? I had no idea you were so interested. You usually spend far more time with that Dawn Star than you do talking with me.
Stay well. After all, how could we learn without our most senior student to guide us.
Perhaps I will see you later. Perhaps not.
Goodbye. I hope you find Dawn Star. She was always... nice.
How did Master Li come here?
Who was master before Master Li?
Master Li told me he was the Emperor's brother.
Tell me what you've been hearing about ghosts.
I don't think we've ever talked about you, Lin.
How did you come here? Why?
What will you do when you are done training here?
Goodbye for now.
You should show proper respect. Ming is an honored man in this village.
Wait, is that how it goes? Damn, I must be getting old if I'm mixing my sayings like that. Bah, forget it.
I want to ask about Dawn Star's disappearance.
Are any other students missing?
Have you any clue where Dawn Star would go?
How many paths out of the village are there?
Let's go back to my other questions.
You know everyone around here. Is there any news?
Who are the students of note?
Tell me about Gao.
Tell me about Dawn Star.
She also came here very young, didn't she? The two of you are generally considered the most advanced students here.
What are you getting at?
What have you heard about me?
Who should I be concerned about?
What do you think of Master Li?
Confused
Ah... well, that is a delicate issue. The recruiter is not so easy to find. I'm sorry, but I can't tell you much more than that.
Novice Shen
Ing Trapped for Good
Transformation Style*cod2*Removes negative effects (such as slow or paralysis)*cod2*Drains Chi *cod2**cod2*Powerful warriors can gain the power to take the form of the fearsome horse demon. This transformation grants the horse demon's legendary ferocity, as well as its mastery of the element of fire and its immunity to the effects of Support styles. Faced with the immolating brutality of the horse demon, weak-willed foes cower in fear, helpless against the raging flames. *cod2*
I replaced the dust inductor. The Marvelous Dragonfly will cross the sky at your whim... for a short way.
She will tell you more. You must go speak with her as quickly as you can.
Divine Void
Elephant Demon
Viper
Support Style *cod2*Does direct damage in Chi Strike mode*cod2*This style's Area Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Focus power-up.*cod2**cod2*The forms and strikes of Storm Dragon enable the master to call upon the power of lightning to damage an opponent. While this style's attacks don't cause any direct damage, its motions summon forth electricity to course through its victim, doing small but constant damage over time. Storm Dragon will rarely win a fight on its own, but combined with other styles it can easily change the tide of a difficult battle.
Kang the Mad
Trip me? Make me crawl like a dog? This'll teach 'em a lesson they won't forget! Come on... stupid rope! Come on... Make them sorry they ever... huh?
Hunter
Too bad about the kid, though. You know, back in my day we weren't stupid enough to fall for a trick like that.
Use the Fight Style keys to switch fighting styles. Each style has its own powers and effects.
Use the Left and Right triggers to switch among targets in combat. You can target enemies and objects in the area.
Hold down the B button and move the left thumbstick to evade attacks in combat.
Now, I think it's time to leave town. Good luck in all you do. It's been a pleasure.
Hello there! I'm Han, though the fans and, well, everyone else call me Hapless Han.
See, I look on the bright side of things, even if my losses make people call me *cod6*hapless.*cod6* Are numbers really that important? In my mind, it's trying your best that counts.
Take us: How could I have beaten the future champion of the arena? But I did help you get there, in a way! Since you've honored me with a visit, what can I do for the champion?
Losing to you was an honor, and the bruises look like they'll heal up just fine. So, what's on your mind?
I know we haven't had a chance to speak before this, but let me congratulate you on the Silver Division championship.
I know we haven't met outside the ring, but let me be one of the first to congratulate you on the Bronze Division championship.
You know what I'm talking about, I'm sure. Things aren't exactly glamorous here in the qualifying round, are they? Now, what can I do for you?
You know, looking at you, I'd say you could hold your own in the arena. Are you thinking of signing up, or was there something else you need?
Champion! This will be a mark of pride in your family for generations! I feel bad for your friend, though; Raging Ox was a good man.
You're back, and it is a lovely day for a chat, but if you're this interested in Hapless Han, why not join the arena yourself? You're clearly trained for combat.
It will be a pleasure to see a new fighter in the ring! If you want my advice, I'd say to apply hot before cold to keep the swelling down.
Return to Three Peaks Monastery and tell the Abbot of your success.
Boy! That sure was something! I wouldn't have wanted to be me out there, except that I was.... But I learned so much from facing you!
Next time I should try some of that fancy stuff you do! I'm not exactly sure how you did it, though.
I watched your last match!
You're just getting started, but you're on the right track. I bet you'll be facing me someday soon!
That was quite the fight out there.\n
Congratulations on becoming champion of Silver Division. Soldier will not be happy with losing to you, but... he's been unhappy a long time, I think.
You're really climbing the ranks! We'll be meeting soon enough.
Things are a lot more difficult in the Bronze Round, are they not? I've fought everyone who's made it that far, I should know.
I bet Soldier's got his eye on you. He'll be nervous about how quickly you're advancing. Keep him off balance.
Just a word of warning: The stakes are high where you're fighting. Be careful both in and out of the ring.
Be well.
You must have some sense of the spiritual trials of this place, since you have progressed far enough to face me next.
This fight will not happen! This fighter is not worthy of facing a true Imperial Champion!
We understand that we will face you next. We look forward to seeing how the drops of history fall.
A fighter poised on the cusp of entering the Bronze Division. Only Hapless Han stands in the way.
Khana's next opponent, if the rumors are true.
One close enough to reach out and snatch the Silver Division from Soldier. How fascinating.
Orphans Avenged
Either you are extremely brave or very foolish to face the Ravager. Either way, we wish you luck.
Liver Demon
Stabber Yuxi
The unmasker! You have solved the mystery of the Ravager, and now we wait to see what fate has in store for the Serpent.
It has been several years since I arrived in Two Rivers. I was surprised to find a teacher of Master Li's ability so far out on the borderlands. It was a fortuitous accident.
*cod15*Hello, I am a custom LoadMessage. Isn't that awesome!
Phoenix Assassin
I'm sorry? You would speak with the Sung brothers? We have no time for simple gawkers.
Why not bother someone like Hapless Han? He's always willing to waste time with the spectators.
Cast the stones, brother. The six triangles of portent indicated that new competition would advance our goals.
Did they really? Surprising.
Well, then. It seems my brother, and the fates, would encourage you to participate in the arena. You should speak with Qui the Promoter. Until you prove yourself, leave us be.
While my brother Sui may consider you an object of portentous fascination, I do not waste time on spectators.
The Emperor's tomb is ablaze, and the Lotus Assassins are looking for the person who caused it.
If you'd like more information about the Black Leopard School, speak with First Brother Kai.
I have no idea, though he was very vocal in condeming Master Smiling Hawk. Perhaps he grew tired of all the bickering here and decided to leave.
I know if I was a follower of Master Radiant I would likely get very bored, very quickly. Maybe he just decided to go to a new school, somewhere more peaceful.
Greetings. I am Crimson Khana, known in the Prosperous East for my swordsmanship. I came here to test my abilities but have found my will and purity of spirit tested as well.
The Ravager will not waste time with one so new to the ring! One must face the test of time to even *challenge* the Imperial Champion!
You will start to see the truth of this *cod6*contest*cod6* as you make your way through the Bronze round. Let your conscience guide you; that is all the advice I can offer.
You are just starting your career here. You will see what I'm talking about soon enough, I'm sure. You do not have the stance of a novice about you.
Forgive me. I should not speak so to a spectator. If you have questions, you should speak with Qui the Promoter.
Others say the arena recruits for the Lotus Assassins, and it is a theory worth considering. Does my blade somehow aid these Assassins that threaten my homeland? I pray not.
No! Leave Zhong alone, or Zhong get angry and smash things.
I demeaned the whole contest. The insult he percieved will unsettle him in combat.
You were drawn here because you have the eyes of a warrior. You see the wave break and the eagle soar. Speak with Qui the Promoter if you wish to compete here.
Your name is on the roster, yet your blade has yet to sing! My master would always say: *cod6*Speak with your actions, not words!*cod6* Of course, there is more to life than conflict...
There are some old tomes in the temple itself, in a stand near the right wall. You might be able to learn more by poring through them.
Well done. You learn very quickly. One thing bothers me about your moves, though. Throughout the fight I felt as if there was some opening in your defense.
That beast barely knows why it fights; your purpose fills each strike in a way it could never understand.
Han lacks the competitive drive to progress beyond his current position, but he is skillful enough. Be honored by your victory.
Watching you fight is akin to reading fine poetry. I'm sure you will meet Han in the ring soon enough.
Our blades are drawn to each other as a lodestone sings to steel. They will cross before long, I think.
First Brother Kai is a great leader. Without him, this school would not survive long.
Remember that there is dishonor only in not learning from your loss.
We met and I proved the stronger. There is no shame in this for you. In fact, I would welcome the chance to test myself against you once more.
Do not let this discourage you. You are simply learning the ways of this place. The Imperial Arena is not like the smaller contests in the villages.
Just remember to focus. The qualifying round is stocked with amateurs who know little of true combat.
Your opponents in the Bronze Division are more determined and more skilled than those you faced before. Remember your defense.
All right. Summer and winter seem to be the key. Black Whirlwind will stay behind to offer whatever help he can. If anyone can control him, it's you.
As the hunter does not waste words on the animals, so will I not spend my breath on you.
I greet you, one warrior to another.
I need to know more about the ritual before you leave.
The Assassins recruit from this arena but I would steer clear of them. Their recruiters approached Iron Soldier so perhaps they look only to those at his level.
I recall your earliest lessons. You fell from a thousand feet during the Walk of Death--which alone was odd enough at your age, but you made short work of the Walk of Maiming and the Walk of Intense Discomfort--and tore your head clean off.  I comforted you--well, your head--saying that you could just walk it off, because, you know, the cut was *clean,* and then you would punch a mountain. In space!
I'm a little busy right now. I've got a bowl of wine that needs drinking, so why don't you just find someone else to bother?
[Failure] I know the value of my life... and that's not nearly enough.
Can I ask you some questions before you go?
You're wasting my time. I wouldn't give you the time of day for that small amount of silver.
The conversation around here is starting to bother me... I think I'll take my wine somewhere else.
He is the real power behind Qui, Lucky Cho, and all the rest. He bends the fighters to his will but I will not be his puppet. The Serpent will *never* guide my sword.
Fair enough, though I hope you will attempt to mind your tone in the future.
Kai Lan's thugs are but a portion of the larger Guild, fixing fights and adjusting the odds in their favor. There are rumors of extortion and worse but it's best not to speak of it.
Dishonor exists everywhere. The Guild exists in an uneasy truce with the officials, and a steady stream of bribes aids the relationship, from what I hear.
No time spent in study of the ancient ways is lost.
Good. It is a sensitive subject, particularly in this place.
Your eyes tell me that you have already seen much in the way of battle. Ask what you will; I welcome another worthy challenger among the ranks.
With its three divisions, this is the Empire's largest tournament. Some, like me, come for the challenge; others, like Raging Ox, come for the coin.
Qui the Promoter points the way in this place. Be warned, though; he does not always see the path before he sets you upon it.
Smaller tournaments are simply practice. This is the only arena that truly matters. Don't worry, though. The early rounds are still filled with graceless rabble.
Of course. What do you need?
There are countless hopefuls, but only a few who are worth really watching. In time, you may find that others are asking about you, as well.
At this point in your career, the higher ranking fighters will tell you about themselves. Still, you must see a thing from many angles to truly know it.
I can tell you about myself, of course, and I know Hapless Han relatively well. I could also tell you something of the beasts they have here.
I am from Phoenix Gate, the largest city in the Prosperous East. There I developed my own techniques of weapon combat. I have vowed to teach them to anyone who can best me.
Han's... intriguing. While his skill is small, he shows no envy and learns from every encounter. I wonder if he stays in the qualifiers so he can face *every* new fighter.
A number of different creatures are used here to add to the spectacle. Ogres are commonplace, but more recently some sort of sub-human creature has been appearing in the ring.
I've heard rumors, though, that the arena organizers are planning on bringing demons into the ring, somehow. I suppose we'll see in time if there's any truth to that.
Of course. What did you want to know?
I have not been here as long as some of the others, but I will answer as well as I can. Do you want to know about this area, the Scholars' Garden, or the city in general?
As I'm sure you know, this is the capital of the Jade Empire. The city itself is built around the Emperor's Gate, the massive passage into the Emperor's lands through the Wall.
Around the Heart of the Empire Tavern is the Market District, bustling with open markets and hawkers. It's vibrant, full of life, and even louder than a battlefield.
They're learned men and worthy of respect but they can teach me little of the sword. The garden lies across the waterway, past the nobles' houses, and is open day and night.
What would you discuss?
Mind, spirit, and body must all be tested. You can *achieve* peace in a garden, but you *earn* it on the battlefield. Goals reached without trial are not so easily kept.
Many philosophies agree with me, many do not. The ensuing debates are no less a field of battle than this one. Not all battles are fought with weapons.
Good people, I do this for you! Would you have an unproven whelp as your champion? As the Empire's champion?
I wish you all the best when we step into the ring. Tell Qui whenever you are ready.
I might be able to take you there. You'll have to pay me now, and I'm not promising you won't get killed once we get there.
It's your life, friend. No refunds either. Follow me.
May your battles bring you peace.
Everyone has a price, Zi Bao. I'll pay you 2,000 silver.
Lotus Assassin Wizard
Lucky Cho mentioned the Guild. I need to know your thoughts on them.\n
What can you tell me about the Serpent?
What role does the Guild play?
Why does the Empire put up with the Guild?
Let's talk about something else.
Can I ask you a few questions about the arena?
How is this arena structured?
That's fine. Let's go.
How do I start fighting?
[Intimidation] Take me to the slavers or I'll break your neck!
Will my record at other tournaments affect my standings here?
Can you teach me to fight as you did?
I have some questions about the fighters here in the arena.
I'd like to hear about you, Khana.
[Follow Zi Bao]
Tell me about Hapless Han.
[Let him go]
What can you tell me about the beasts?
Bao, you know better than to summon me without a good reason. I hate this accursed, beast-reeking place.
Let's talk about the Imperial City.
Just tell me about the city in general.
I want to hear about the area around here.
Sure... what do you want to know?
Tell me about the Scholars' Garden.
Can I ask you some questions?
You clearly dislike this place. Why not just leave?
That makes a certain kind of sense.
Do you think about such boring drivel all the time? Pathetic!
That's all I want to ask you for now.
You look a shade better than the usual cowardly dogs we get through here. Just a shade, though.
So... you have an interest in the Lotus Assassins. Very few people risk our attention by seeking us out in public.
I find your bold nature refreshing, but we under Death's Hand recruit only the very best. All others are cast down before us.
You have successfully completed this quest by killing the Lotus Assassin and bringing news of his death back to the Abbot.
If you think defeating Khana impresses me, you're wrong.
You ground the Hapless one beneath your feet, like everyone else does, huh? Han's pathetic for wasting time on the hopefuls, if you ask me.
If I waste time talking to you, it's because I can respect that you're prepared to lose terribly in the arena.
It feels odd to have lived with an image of the Empire for so long and to lose it so quickly. I miss... I miss Two Rivers. I miss Jing Woo, Old Ming, Gujin....
You've done well. With Fang out of the picture, we can assign his post to somebody less difficult. Somebody pliable and easy to control. Somebody like Sheng.
Sheng has no backbone; no will of his own. Things will go much more smoothly for the Lotus Assassins with a puppet like him running the Ministry of Harmony.
I remember lessons in the school, and you making some joke that had Smiling Mountain snickering under his breath even as he scolded us for not paying attention.
I'm just a little girl, and I'm a spirit. I have nothing I can give you. But this is such a small thing for you, and it means so much to me. Please, won't you help me?
What do you remember about those days?
I keep all our fallen friends in mind. With all the spirits I see, it would be hard not to. I see the walls between this world and the next as very thin.
Yeah, I saw your name on the rosters. I see a lot of names on the rosters; half of 'em run home to their mother before their first fight.
So don't get all chummy with me. I haven't the time for fawning adoration from the novices.
I have his resignation right here.
I blackmailed him into it.
Looks like you're still walking after that last match. Too bad.
I should probably say something encouraging since this was your first win ever, but frankly, I don't care.
Surprising. Most of the time you qualifiers hurt yourselves more than your opponent.
I'm sure Khana will fix that once you challenge her for the division championship.
You just watch yourself. Qui will be sending you to see me if you keep that up, and I'll break you in two.
A big Gold Division win for you?
Can't really hold your own, can you?
How did you even make it this far? Dumb luck, or was everyone else having a bad day? Feel free to try again if you think you can handle it.
This is the part where the hopefuls usually give up and go home. When you can't even win your first challenge, it's time to go back to the farm.
If you're stalled behind one of the hopefuls, you'll never go anywhere.
The Bronze Division's not for green stalks like yourself. Go toughen up for a few years in the Imperial Army and then come back.
You're just another bug trying to reach my level, and it's clearly not going to happen.
You shouldn't give up. Just keep flinging yourself at the Gold Division, it should be entertaining.
What do you want now?
Those Lotus scum wouldn't know a fair fight if it were praying in their family temple.\n
There is, however, a vulture around here who picks off the young fighters once they become the Silver Division champion. Tried to recruit me, even.
Hello, my name is Fourth Brother Yu, and you must be the new prodigy. First Brother told us to watch out for you. He said that you're very talented.\n
Time with you, however, seems as if consumed by the Devourers of Moments that figured so prominently in the writings of Peng the Unpunctual.
Since you've defeated Fifth Brother, perhaps you'd let me decide just how talented you are. Care for a match?
A good name, is it not? Drives fear into the commoners. Yes, that miscreant will be turned in soon enough, and pity the *cod6*Scourge*cod6* that shows up in my city!
Let's go then.
Dirge Fountain Seal
x
Your move, old goat.
You've already spoken with my counterpart in the arena, but his priorities are different than mine. Tell me, why have you sought us out?
I have been waiting for you to return. My sources tell me the problem of Minister Sheng and his report to Judge Fang is... no longer a problem.
This is getting too crowded. I doubt there'll be enough enemies to go around.
Shut up, you oaf, this is important.
I look forward to ending your career in the next match.
Why are you wasting time with me, anyway? Shouldn't you be taunting your next victim?
I must applaud your efforts. Judge Fang is outraged... it will be months before he agrees to meet with Minister Sheng again.
Good, go bother someone else.
I do not approve of your methods, however. Killing Fang was hardly a subtle way to handle things.
So I ask you, why have you sought us out? Why shouldn't I just kill you where you stand?
We are not a club you simply petition for admittance. In fact, I find it hard to believe anyone could be so audacious as to look me in the face and make such a brash statement.
I have studied the martial arts all my life, and serve your master as I am able. He is devoted to your training, and needs someone to assist the other students.
This town was once a worthless boil on the back-end of the Empire. It was doomed and dying, a pit of despair. Then Minister Sheng arrived, and all was well.
The dam was closed and prosperity reigned. Surely Sheng will be rewarded with a new posting back at the Imperial City.
You dare to threaten a Lotus Assassin? The bravery of such a reckless act is impressive, though I wonder about the intelligence behind your words.
I need help finding a recruiter for the Lotus Assassins.
Your words are true, though you would be wise not to speak them so openly. The Lotus Assassins, and we Inquisitors in particular, prefer to work from the shadows.
Are you always this belligerent?
I thought we should talk before... well, this could be very dangerous.
Both of us, I wonder?
You cheapen the importance of this, Princess. He could die in there.
I'll talk to you later, Soldier.
The brothers Sung greet our fellow combatant warmly. I am Sung Bo, and this is my little brother Bu and my older brother Sui.
I wouldn't want to be the one responsible for destroying the Emperor's tomb.
The Outlander in the Scholars' Garden is very loud. Perhaps he thinks we'll understand him better if he shouts.
That Outlander talks like a wounded duck. I've never heard such strange sounding words before.\n
My uncle saw a ghost while traveling in the south. I don't think I'll be traveling that way anytime soon.
Those Lotus Assassins make me nervous. They just look so... unnatural.
I've heard rumors of a young hero making quite a stir in Tien's Landing.
I haven't seen any ghosts wandering in the city. And I hope I never do!
Smoke and flames coming from the Necropolis... bad tidings indeed.
First ghosts, now this. The Necropolis is just not a safe place at all.
We will admit that our first loss to you worried us, but to have faced the future Imperial Champion and lost is an appropriate path for any to walk.
What may we do for the champion?
This general sounds far more honorable than Soldier. Just defeat Soldier fairly, I say.
In a choice between the Iron Soldier and the Stone General, I'd take on the entire battalion.
How very strange that your name appears on the rosters, but your body has yet to appear in the ring.
This is indeed reminiscent of the reign of the Blood Dynasty's third emperor, notorious for having no policies, opinions, or even motion in the later years of his rule.\n
The brothers Sung fight as one, and yet you fight as if you were three!
While the match invited the toothless donkey of unhappiness to our stable, we still praise your skills.
Look who stands before us, brothers!
A new warrior, flush with first victory. How very quaint!
You are the unstoppable force that left poor Han a cluttered pile of optimistic wreckage at the side of the arena.
The newest champion of the Bronze Division. We shall have to keep an eye on you. Very few climb so far so quickly.
The one who stands just below us in the rankings: our new Silver Division champion.
A recent winner from the qualifying round. How quaint.
The new fighter who is so quickly closing on Crimson Khana's position.
Why, it's the reason for Soldier's increased surliness. Congratulations on managing the impossible!
One who needs no introduction, I'm sure. We watch most avidly to see how the little drama between you and Kai Lan turns out.
Disappointment itself approaches us.
Consider yourself draped in the starry shawl of fortune, for in your loss you have avoided facing your doom.
I'm uncertain what advice to give you this early in your career. I would suggest that you try to hit them more than they hit you.
Do not worry yourself, though! No one really cares about the fights at your level, so who will remember your shame?
If such weak competition overwhelmed you, you might want to reconsider your career path.
The silver round is not for the faint of heart. Consider your inner balance before you enter the ring again.
There is no shame in defeat at this level. Even we cannot defeat the Ravager.
Bah! Be gone! The brothers Sung will waste no words on a boorish competitor.
You would speak again with the Sung brothers? How fascinating that we have earned so much of your attention.
They know better than to bother the brothers Sung! Still, one of their recruiters keeps an eye on the standings here.\n
Indeed, many young fighters on the cusp of the Gold Division have walked away in pursuit of... another ideal.
It's finally safe to go back to the Scholars' Garden now that the Outlander has been dealt with.
Your expansive friend returns on a dark fall of the cards, I'm afraid. His story, like all stories where brothers fall out, is not lightly told.
The Black Whirlwind and Raging Ox had a confrontation. No really knows what happened, but suffice it to say Ox remained here.
Raging Ox continued to rise through the ranks to become champion, while your friend left his brother, and the arena, behind.
I don't think anyone would have expected the champion to lose. It may have been just an exhibition fight, but you still gave it your all.
No one knows where Raging Ox has gone. He spent some time as champion, but then Kai Lan informed us that Ox had retired and was leaving the arena.
It's a shame. Everyone enjoyed his jovial personality, and he was a fair sight more pleasant than the Ravager.
Support Style*cod2*Does direct damage in Chi Strike mode*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Health power-up.*cod2**cod2*Fighters skilled in Heavenly Wave learn techniques that can slow their opponents to a crawl. While this Support style does no damage on its own, a master can manipulate the chi in the area around opponents, rendering them sluggish and easily defeated. Even the most lightning-fast of foes can be slowed to a turtle's pace with the skillful application of Heavenly Wave.\n
Has there not already been a reaction of sorts? Kai Lan likely wants nothing more than his ex-star fighter to leave this place. Of course, that means he wants the same of you.
The Black Whirlwind was never one to follow rules, and Kai Lan is one who demands that his rules be followed.
Good! I don't like even listening to this kind of thing.
We can tell you to be careful whom you ask about such things. Secrets kept in the open are the most sensitive.
The serpent who dwells in the shadows of this place. Like an air spirit, he is everywhere and yet invisible to the eye.
Brother Sui puts it well. Kai Lan the Serpent is the Guild's will in this place, powerful enough that only the brave or foolish discuss him at any length.
That Outlander thought he was better than all of us. I doubt he'll be so arrogant in the future.
Besides running the most expansive betting operation in the Empire? I speculate that they do much more than that, but we have been smart enough not to find out.
We question things in the arena, though. For example, why are we allowed to fight as one body when the rules suggest such a thing should be illegal?
I agree! I don't want them around any more, they scare me.
That Outlander finally got his due. Hopefully, he's learned to be more tolerant.
A wise choice; the Guild always prefers that people not speak of them. What do you need to know?
Crane
To Two Rivers
It's about time somebody dealt with that annoying Outlander.
You have earned the right to ask about your peers.
Would you like to know about Soldier, or our current champion, the Ravager?
Please, don't hurt me. I never said anything against the Lotus Assassins, honestly.
I see the Lotus Assassins have gotten to you, too. I mean... not that there's anything wrong with that.
I've never said an unkind word about the Lotus Assassins. Not one. Ever.
Didn't I see you talking with the Lotus Assassins earlier? Or was it that other strange looking... ah, er... never mind.
There is something unnatural about that one.
He smells bad, too, like he's sick all the time or something.
We should not discuss the city, Brother, while we are within its bounds.\n
Do the stars show the dragons in ascension again? Then we should not speak of the city for now. The very topic is risky.
I have seen many Arena Champions come and go, and I can honestly say, that you're one of them.
I knew you would win your championship fight when I first saw you. The heavens favor you greatly.
I only wish I had seen you defeat the Ravager with my own eyes. I didn't think anyone could beat him.
How dare you mock our family unity?
Indeed. We deal with enough ignorance of the ancient ways and customs of the Empire; we do not need additional abuse.
Aren't you the new Arena Champion? What good fortune to actually meet you in person!
You should be careful now that you've done well in the arena. You might draw unwanted attention.
I lost plenty of silver betting against you. Next time, my money's on you.
You've done well so far in the arena, but I'm not sure you're a match for the Ravager.
I've heard about your exploits in the arena. Very impressive for a first-timer.
I've seen what happens to some of the arena fighters. It isn't pretty.
Iron Soldier's offer is too lucrative to be strictly honorable. He's appealing to your greed, so there's obviously more to this story.
I need to know about the Black Whirlwind and Kai Lan.
Why did the Black Whirlwind leave the arena?
Where can I find the Black Whirlwind's brother?
How do you think Kai Lan will react to the Black Whirlwind's return?
What can you tell me about the Guild?
Who is Kai Lan?
My grandfather fought in the arena... once.
What does the Guild do here, exactly?
You look tough, but I'm not sure if you have what it takes to win in the arena.
Why doesn't the Empire just stop the Guild?
I want to ask about something else.
I can arrange for a little sparring. Are there any special conditions you would like to introduce? I know you prefer a challenge.
Minister Sheng has very little to say. There is a rumor that the Great Dam is broken. We are doomed. No goods can enter the town. No fish can be taken from the river.
Perhaps I did not do enough. May I confide something in you?
I am not nearly as capable as I let on. It is even possible that my banishment here was not entirely because of the jealousy of others.
It may have been due to my numerous failings in the Imperial City. But I am sure you don't want to listen to the ramblings of a tired, broken man.
What can I do for you?
Very well then, Minister Sheng shall carry the burden of his misery alone. What can I do for you?
Not at all! I may even mention you in my report.
Can we talk about some of the fighters around here?
So you're the new fighter in town. Good luck, you'll need it.
That Outlander in the Scholars' Garden has a terrible weapon, the likes of which I've never seen before.
Apparently the Outlander is causing some problems in the Scholars' Garden.
What's the story with Soldier?
Tell me about the Ravager, then.
Let's talk about the city in general.
I'm growing tired of having three conversations. Even if you can't fight alone, you should be able to talk alone.
That's all I need from you three for now.
How'd I know you'd be deadly in a fight? You'll have to accept my apologies for dragging you into that, but I can't afford to be stopped. Not now.
Your plan didn't work out too well.
Player Backed Out of the Play
Apple
I didn't want to kill him. He left me no choice.
Gao brought his fate on himself.
I enjoyed killing your son... now I'm going to kill you!
What? Oh... you... you're the one with the flyer aren't you? Forgive my impertinence, but do you own that flyer perhaps?
No, you're right. I don't mean to offend, but if you would allow me, I would like to make it my business.
I am Hin Goo, a mechanic and a businessman. I supply upgrades to people fortunate enough to have flyers.
Spirit? I'm not dead, you idiot! If I were, would I be this upset about losing my house? Or breathing, for that matter?
So, that's how this goes, is it? Who is paying you? My son? Shen? First, my son catches me sleeping and convinces everyone I'd died, then he gets the damn gravedigger to bury me!
With all the real ghosts coming up out of their graves, no one wants to get close enough to find out the truth. That young bastard has stolen my life! Well, what's left of it.
With no place to go, and everyone running in fear from the *cod6*ghost,*cod6* where else could I go? I built this house from the ground up, and I'm not about to let him take it from me!
They sent the quick one, didn't they?
No, I'm not dead, you idiot!
My son just used that as an excuse to take everything!
Why do you think? Money, the house, my business that I spent 20 years making....
Still don't trust my intentions? Have a little faith that sometimes fate provides answers when they're needed most. Either way, we need to deal with that door.
This seems awfully convenient.
Thousand Cuts
The water kept rising. And rising. And then we died. But the quarry is still ours, even when we're dead! And now you'll join us!
As you wish. If you'd like to try a match later, come and see me.
Good to see you again. What can I do for you?
You're one of the best students I've ever fought. You're ready to try your skill against Third Brother. He'll offer you a much greater challenge.
Captain
You have some very impressive moves. With practice, you'll get even better. Would you like to try another fight?
Do you realize how much trouble you've caused me? I'll be doing paperwork on that fight of yours well into next week.
For so long, it appeared you'd be one of the easy ones. Then that whole bandit attack happened, and I haven't rested since.
You mortals have no concept of what we celestial bureaucrats have to put up with. Is it really that difficult to stop and, I don't know... *think* before brandishing your weapons?
I'm not really surprised that you defeated Smiling Hawk. Your skills are absolutely amazing.
With Smiling Hawk out of the way, we can finally get back the respect our school has lost over the past few years.
Maybe we should investigate Fang in the arena first. We might be able to stop him from getting that report without hurting Sheng... or anyone else.
Yeung Yifong
Yes, let's fight!
(Sigh) You have no idea what I'm talking about, do you? I am Zin Bu, the Magic Abacus. I was assigned to record, tabulate, and itemize the destruction that you cause.
No easy task, I might add, especially since you embarked on this wild quest to find your master.
Our calculations keep the universe in balance. Without us, chaos... anarchy... utter ruination.
I need to go. Goodbye.
Ha! Again you show your ignorance. Do you have any idea of the chaos that would be unleashed if we suddenly stopped calculating? It's ridiculous!
Gao the Greater
Look at your associate, Black Whirlwind. What a nightmare. A whole department can't keep up with his antics!
Tseng
Grand Inquisitor Jia
Slave Breaker
Xianshi
Pirate Cheung
Now you are in for it! Those guards see you!
Use this! Good for the head breaking!
I closed the dam. The Lotus Assassins removed the amulet.
[You have placed the powder in the pan.]
Hey, ha ha! Much kicking and such. It really gets the blood flowing. And explosions... lots of blood flowing from those, too.
Now, we should leave here! We can make it as far as that nearby town, Tien's Landing. I know the winds between here and there. Mostly. I mostly know the winds. It will be fine.
Ha ha! Everybody on board! The Marvelous Dragonfly is about to take flight!
This is good, too!  Ooh! That's going to hurt!
You handled the guards well, with your punching and the kicking. I was going to make more of an explody thing, but the kicking worked well, too.
Not so. You may have adequate feet for the kicking, but your eyes are not so good at judging. I only work for Gao because he forces me to.
I make all sorts of things and, yes, many are designed to expend energy, ah, quickly. But my greatest prize does not explode. Much. Something I have kept for myself.
I am Kang the Mad. I make things explode, and I make things fly, and I am very good at both. The things I fly tend to survive. The things I explode... not so much.
My greatest invention is in the launch room upstairs. Light and fast, she has weapons and capacity no other flyer does. The Marvelous Dragonfly!
What else can I do? Er, actually, not all that much. I mean, I can bolt any two things together and maybe a forest burns down, but flight is where I shine.
You don't need it now, but soon you'll wonder how you ever did without. I was the same, long ago. *cod6*Flyers don't need weapons,*cod6* I thought. I tried to keep them pure.
My best guess would be guards willing to die for their master. You shouldn't have too much trouble helping them reach that goal.
You are sure to profit from this partnership. In fact, I've never accidentally exploded anyone traveling *with* me, so that alone is a benefit of my presence.
Of course, of course, take what you will, but if you will, er, want the Dragonfly, you'll need me. She's a delicate creation, in need of constant maintenance.
Anyway, you go ahead, and once all the kicking is done, I'll come along, and we'll see what's what! For now, let me think! We'll need explosives... that explode.
I do what I want and take what I want.
There was nothing there. I'm tracking the Lotus Assassins elsewhere.
You can maintain concentration longer, allowing you to stay in Focus mode for a greater length of time
Okay, let's get out of here.
I'm not ready to leave yet.
You work for Gao!
You make things explode?
You built Gao a special flyer?
What else can you do?
I have no need of your toys.
You recover more quickly from exiting Focus mode.
I agree. I will see what I can do.
Bin
I was tasked with protection of the amulet and the gems that are a part of it. But to do that, I had to enter the mortal realm, where they were.
Two treasures were entrusted to me: an amulet and a gem. Both are items of great power, but I do not know what they do. I only know they are meant for you.
They came only a few days ago, looking for the amulet and the gem I protected. There were many of them... too many. They attacked me all at once.
And know this before you die: I will hunt down every Lotus Assassin in the Empire until I get back the amulet your master stole!
No! I will not listen to your lies! I will not be fooled again!
His followers fought me by the dozen, a distraction while he stole the amulet and fled. But you challenge me alone... and you are winning. Who are you?
I am Chai Ka the Heavenly Gate Guardian. In the language of your realm, I am called a demon. My mind is uneasy here, and there are many things I cannot remember.
But I know my fate is bound to yours. Your path will surely lead you to the amulet that was stolen from me. I will be glad to see it in your hands, where it belongs.
Bandit
I will try to answer what I can. There is much I cannot say. I am here to fulfill the destiny that has been placed before me.
Miao
Tell me about the items you were guarding.
You said Lotus Assassins stole the amulet?
Amulet? Gem? What are you talking about?
I am not your enemy. Stop this fighting, and we can talk.
I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*.
You better tell me what's going on here!
Student Wen
Blocked:  *cod7**cod9**cod8*
I've never seen anyone dare to say so much against the royal family and live to walk away. The distress you caused her handlers was a wonder to behold.
Here, friend. Take this, with my compliments. I've never seen such a thing.
Kindly Yushan
Only those with business in the fields should leave the village, preferably with proper escort.
I do not serve the Lotus Assassins!
Workshop
Bai the Outcrier
Hello again. I suppose it would be too much to hope you are here to buy some buns.
I sense my former student refuses to rest easy. The time for subtlety is past.
Large Damage Increase
Hey! Leave our novices alone. If you want to fight, you can fight me!
Peace, Third Brother. That is no way to treat a guest.
You again. Why are you still pestering me? Don't you have something better to do?
Good. You'll need to speak with each of the brothers and ask them to fight with you. I'm sure they'll be more than eager to oblige.
It is... complicated. If you prove yourself, I'm sure that Master Radiant will be more than happy to explain it to you.
It is not just his fighting skills that make him dangerous. Master Smiling Hawk's need for power consumes him. He cannot be trusted.
Out, out, out! The dining hall is a mess, and I doubt you're here to help me clean!
For now, be careful and focus on defeating the brothers. Start with Sixth Brother and ask him to fight with you. I'm sure he'll be eager.
Once you've defeated all of the brothers, come and see me. Good luck.
Hello again. What can I do for you today?
I see. Well, if you change your mind, come back and see me. In the meantime, I should get back to the students. Goodbye and good luck.
Ah, welcome back. Have you changed your mind about joining our school? Say the word, and I'll ask our masters.
You still haven't defeated any of the brothers yet.
Certainly. What would you like to know?
Third Brother Renshan is probably the most gifted fighter I've ever seen. None here at the school, except the masters, are his equal.
Unfortunately, Third Brother is a terrible leader and poor teacher. Much like Master Smiling Hawk, he cares nothing for the other students or the school.
Third Brother has gained his rank on shear skill, but I doubt he will climb higher. It takes more than martial skill to be a master.
For surely the Emperor must have been surveying the cold plains he had just conquered in the name of enlightenment.\n
The Horselords are said to ingest copious amounts of an extremely sugary, creamy form of tea. I understand it keeps their strength up. Barbarous.
The Emperor sends word of his return. The Horselords are unconquered? But our forces were undefeatable!
My lady, you have my deepest thanks for bringing this news to us! I shall inform the court immediately!
Celestial Canvas
Pearl Tears of the Dragon
Deng Zhi's Corrupted Gem
Standard of the Lost Regiment
Novice Bo
This report says that the Emperor stood at the edge of their lands and saw the brightest of shooting stars trace a path across the night sky.
SILENCE!
You have spoken, and I have heard. Your will be done! I give you...THE RAVAGER!
I have concerns about their order, but I will not voice them here. Not in the city where even the shadows have ears.
Buy from Store
Very well. I'll choose someone who is competent in one-on-one combat. This is only a practice bout, so fight until your opponent is knocked out. Get ready.
Interesting. I have a number of students who would benefit from being on either side of such a bout. Perhaps as many as four.
A duo to test their cooperation. Some of the younger students will think you are easy prey in such a situation. Show them the truth.
Remember, this is only a practice match. It will continue until you or your opponents are rendered unconscious.
A trio. Very well. This will be a valuable experience for all involved.
Facing a foursome means that you will have to remain aware of the fighting environment the whole time. Be ready.
Yes, I suppose your fight against the bandits made you want to brush up on this technique. I can arrange for as many as four students to fight you.
Yes, I imagine Gao's actions have taught you the need to be ready for the unexpected. I can provide as many as four students to spar with you.
I am sorry, but Master Li does not permit such techniques to be flaunted at the school. There is danger in wielding such power if you are not ready.
He does not demonstrate those skills very often. There are paths of the Way that hold great temptation if one is not careful. I can clarify this, but I cannot offer the fight you wish.
You have seen the arrogance of others. Gao is well along the Way of the Closed Fist. I can clarify this, but I cannot offer the fight you wish.
No. Everyone is concerned about Dawn Star. Such distraction could lead to mistakes in the ring, and I don't want any accidents.
Good luck finding Dawn Star. Stay on the path of honor.
Goodbye. I am here if you need anything.
I heard how you faced those bandits in the village. Many people are impressed, but I expected no less. Your skill is a match for any rough bandit.
Is there anything you need? Perhaps a training session with some of the students? It would do them good.
Even though you let *me* cut the head off of Kai Lan the Serpent, you're still the arena champion.
What can I do for you? I am here to serve and train.
Hmm, a surprising outcome, but it is the rush of the stream that smoothes the pebble. You must work to maintain focus.
Can I ask you some things about the school?
Tell me about the philosophies you mention.
Tell me about the Way of the Open Palm.
Give me examples.
You met the ghosts of two children at the orphanage in the ruins. They died in the flood because the orphan master, Kindly Yushan, abandoned them. They want your help.
Sometimes conflict cannot be avoided.
Tell me about the Way of the Closed Fist.
So what is it, if it is not *cod6*evil?*cod6*
Exit to desktop.
Sure. Let's fight.
You, for instance, Black Whirlwind. You're a nightmare. A whole department can't keep up with your antics.
But imagine if they failed to record his various... deeds. We would never be able to determine his eventual position on the Great Wheel.
You can't just guess at it! You must have records. Itemized records, in triplicate, signed by the Overseer of Carnal Destruction and Disorder herself!
Tell me about the Black Leopard School.
Tell me about the Lotus Assassins.
What were they searching for?
Do you know anything about these ruins?
I heard you got rid of Lan for me. With her out of the picture, it's only a matter of time until Bei gives in and we get married!
You don't know the half of it. You remember that little engagement with Gao the Lesser? Three thousand and forty pages! I lost three assistants on that report alone!
Ah ha! The very reason I'm here, and not back in the Celestial Bureaucracy tabulating your most recent exploits. Apparently my skills are inadequate to keep up with you!
Time? What do you know of time? You just make the messes. *I* have to document them... or I did at least. Apparently my inability to keep up with you has cost me.
I'm being relegated to a much lower role, in trade and commerce. My only consolation is that I will no longer have to track your exploits.
Well, the school is the best of its kind in all the Empire. I consider myself very fortunate to be a student here.
That's not to say that we don't have our problems. Having two masters is a bit... unusual, and it seems to slow the progress of the school.
And you're going to help me. Instead of trying to find you a buyer or supplier wherever you go, I'm going to provide that service directly.
Arena Tavern
I can't get into the details of how that came about. However, I can tell you that it was not intended to be that way.
Keep your tongue in check, Dawn Star, or you're next!
I need you to buy from me and sell to me, if you wish. I already have a supplier, a friend of mine from the Untimely Deaths department, who was also demoted recently.
You're no ghost. Hell, you're barely human! No one has ever withstood the axes of the Black Whirlwind before!
The school has strong leadership, but we currently suffer from having too many leaders. Two masters is one too many.
I don't mind Master Radiant, but he is too detached... and too passive. Master Smiling Hawk could regain our respect, if Master Radiant would let him.
I really shouldn't say any more than I already have. If you are still curious, you can speak to First Brother Kai.
How should I know? He's probably licking Master Radiant's sandals... he was always such a devoted follower of that... man.
Congratulations on winning the Bronze Division. But... ah... I... ah....
As you wish. Leave, peasant, and never return!
Lustful Lao
Of course. Please return if you wish to spar. Good day.
The Black Leopard School is the most prestigious school in the Empire. We accept only the best students.
If the novices would spend more time studying and less time fighting, perhaps they would actually learn something.
I admire First Brother's ability to teach. He certainly has a way with the students.
If you need more information about the Black Leopard School, please refer your questions to First Brother Kai.
Actually... I need you to buy from me, and occasionally sell any items you no longer need.
By getting rid of the other suppliers and buyers, I can save time and be more efficient. Perhaps then I can regain some of the honor I lost through this demotion.
In any case, I'll be joining with you, in a sense, to offer you items for sale and to purchase anything extra you acquire. It's a fair deal, I believe.
A school should only have one master. The... rivalry between our masters is hurting the school and the students.
Of course, neither master wishes to step down. It is a problem that needs to be solved if this school is going to survive.
It is good to have only one master again. Now, the school can focus on its future and move ahead.
I don't believe you. Time to die!
Fine. Answer my questions and I'll let you live.
He served our enemy. He deserves only death!
Officially, I follow both. I am First Brother and it is my duty to assist both masters in any way I can.
Be on your guard if you truly mean to pursue him. Gao's mad with rage, as this poor lad learned too late.
What was in the sack?
That being said, I was taught by Master Radiant, and I go to him for advice or learning in a given area.
Could it have been a person?
If he went toward the gate, maybe I can still catch him.
I would. I would give anything to see her saved, but my techniques are much more advanced than any normal 'doctor' could comprehend.
I must do the operation myself or find a savant of such skill that I would feel safe giving them control.
A doctor? Of such skill? Who is it? What is his name? Where did you find such a person?
A doctor... and a woman? Amazing! You think she can help? Please, then, bring her to me! Let me speak with her!
Thank you, stranger! Thank you! Bring her to me and she may be able to help me with the operation.
Please stranger, even if you will not bring this doctor to me, you can still help! If you look, you might find the pristine liver I require!
Yes... yes! It looks like it has been preserved well enough! Although... it seems... a little dark. It feels... odd. But no matter! It is good enough!
Now I must begin quickly. Her life energy is fading fast.
It looks like the operation has worked. She should be safe now. Her breathing has slowed and her heart rate is returning to normal levels.
It will be some time before she can stand on her own again, but I am certain she will make it. Not here, though... not in this place of death.
No... no! Something is wrong! Quick, come here and help me!
That is your cause. I understand, but you are a fool to fight our inevitable rule. Your Master will learn this, and so shall you.
No! No! It's not working! The liver functions, but it... it's just not working!
You... stranger. You are not like me. You are something different... something special. I noticed it when you first came in. Your energy... your chi, is different.
Please, stranger, I beg of you. Use whatever you can, sacrifice whatever you can so that my daughter will live. Innocence like hers should not have to die in a place like this.
Stranger... you are... amazing.
I had a stutter once. Put some garlic on it every night, that made it go away. Now, ah... where was I? Oh, yeah.
Hello again. Things are certainly shaping up around here now that Master Radiant is gone.
Strange things have been going on here... ghost troubles and such. I don't know, but it seems like it'll soon be too dangerous for even me to stay here.
Sure, sure.
Help! One of those damn spirits came up right in my backyard! The stupid thing won't let anyone get by! It's got my tools and everything! Just kill the damn thing!
Haven't you killed it yet? I can't do anything without my tools. I can't get you your reward for anything else, either, 'til it's gone. Just kill it!
Master Smiling Hawk is not interested in teaching the students or the brothers. He seeks only to improve his own abilities.
Quit Game
It's dead then? Heh, good. I knew that old bag would try to come back for me someday. But she wouldn't have guessed I'd have someone like you on my side.\n
Eh-heh, yeah, I guess you could say that. She was my mother-in-law. Never once in her life did she say a kind word to me, and now she tried to keep at me even in death.
You got what you deserved! Do you hear me? You deserved it!
Eh-heh, but any good job deserves a reward, of course.
Quit the current game and go to the title screen.
A student... here? I had long forgotten the stench of the living.
I ruled this place... taught with wisdom. Why can't I find my way? Where is the voice that should call to me?
Master, student, farmer... whatever I was, I should be dust. Instead, I am pulled to nowhere. Frustration!
Lies? You cannot see the lie! The lie pulls us nowhere! Frustration!
The living understand nothing! The living cannot feel the pull to nowhere! The frustration!
The way is blocked, the shepherd is gone! Cannot escape the living. Milling... stinking... you cloud the way!
To judgment and to be renewed, but the way of things has been unbalanced! No souls return to the living.
Desire! Arrogance! The way of things is broken! No souls return to the living.
You can see nothing, but soon you will know! The number grows ever larger! No souls return to the living.
What will become of the world if no souls are replenished? Eventually there will be an end. You are blind to the danger, blind to the truth.
Wait! What... what is that?
Enough talk. I will delay your death no longer! May your fall sate the anger of Death's Hand, will of the Emperor!
You! You have driven me out of her--*my* liver, but I'll have my vengeance yet! I'll destroy you and her both!
You are foolish to think one such as he can be intimidated. He is a force beyond what you can understand. All of the Lotus Assassins know his power.
No! Please! I'll give you anything I can, I just need you to--What? W-wait a minute. She's stopped trembling.
Her breathing has slowed, and her heart rate is returning to normal levels. It... it worked! She's saved!
Thank you, stranger, for what you have done for me. As I promised, I will give you all that I have left. Everything else was spent in pursuit of this dream.
I must take her to a place where she can heal. You have my eternal gratitude for what you have done.
Yes... yes! It looks like it has been preserved well enough! I am amazed that you managed to get this intact.
Her... her breathing has slowed, and her heart rate is returning to normal levels. Whatever you did, stranger, you have saved my daughter.
You have my gratitude forever for this. I know this must have cost you dearly. If ever I find a way to repay you, I will seek you out.
But now... this is not place to heal. My daughter is saved, but she is not well. I must take her to somewhere she can rest in peace, not surrounded by death.
Here is all that I have. Everything else was spent in pursuit of my dream. I thank you... *we* thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
So you fight with no knowledge of your enemy? That will be your undoing. I do not know your face, but I have studied what you have done here. I can defeat you!
Thank you for what you have done. I have been redeemed in my own eyes and in the eyes of heaven. Peace indeed *can* come to any soul.
Sagacious? Is that what you call yourself now? Hardly a worthy representation of the blood you spilled.
It's not right! It can't be possible that I... It's you! And this... this must be the doctor!
Please, madam, if you could help me, you would have my eternal gratitude! I am desperate, and I have no other recourse!
This girl. Such a strong, vibrant life energy in one so young... and so fragile. She is too young to have such a cruel fate.
Keep an eye out for a young man dressed in plain blues and greens. He is heavily armored from head to foot.
Please... will you help my daughter? I will give you anything, all my research, just for you to save her. The liver... the liver would be my own. No one else would be harmed.
My skill in acupuncture can keep you alive through the operation, but.... you will not live long after. If you tell me how to proceed, I believe I can help her.\n
Doctor, my spirit will be indebted to you for all time. Si Wei... I love you... forever. Let us proceed, Doctor.
You do not know me, assassin.
Perhaps, but I know what you were. Not that it matters anymore.
It is done. The man's methods are... extreme, but very effective. As was his love for his daughter. A true parent would do anything to save his child.\n
She will live, provided she does not remain here. I will take her with me and care for her. If she wishes, I will teach her of her father's legacy. He would want that, I think.
Thank you for bringing me here, and giving me the chance to save them. I'll return to the Imperial Arena with her.
Is that what he calls himself now? Hardly an honest representation of the blood he spilled. It doesn't matter. No matter your allies, I cannot let you survive.
Should you emerge the victor of our fight, I will train you in some of my more advanced techniques. You have shown the purity of spirit to wield a weapon with the required precision.
I keep only what I need to survive from my winnings. The rest goes back to my school in the east. The training is all I can, or will, offer you. Now, what else do you need?
Forget it, then. Let me go back to my questions.
Every city has its masters. I came here to compete against the Empire's best and I have managed to hold my own. Is there anyone else you wish to ask about?
It's hard to say with him. Perhaps his smile is that of the full and satisfied tiger. Not vacant, as the others believe. Is there anyone else you want to know about?
I believe so, yes. I do not really agree with such a philosophy, but it is worthy of respect, nonetheless. Is there anyone else you want to know about?
You have faced him; I leave you to your own judgments. Is there anyone else you want to know about?
You mock him, but I would reserve judgment until you face him. Is there anyone else you want to know about?
The Gate saw frequent use in the past but now Emperor Sun allows no one to pass through. Then again, he has flyers at his disposal, I suppose.
The Wall's defensive role has long since been eclipsed but it remains an ever-expanding monument to the Empire's strength. All land within it is the Emperor's own.
Of course.
Leave me. I will not waste more time with you.
Thank you again for your warning. It will be good to know that our fight will be fair.
What will you do now?
Running away from your defeat?
Why wouldn't you exploit that opening?
My training was flawless. You must be mistaken.
I'll not take commentary on my skills from one as weak as you!
Many of you are asking yourselves why the Serpent would return to the ring. Am I not retired? Yes! But does that mean I do not care about your entertainment? No!
You've all seen the fury and the intense focus of Raging Dragon in the ring! Now, it's time to put those abilities to the test!
We've all seen the flawless technique of the soaring star that is Silver Phoenix. Now, it is time to put these aptly demonstrated skills to the test!
Tiger Lifts the Mountain has climbed the ranks with great power and deliberation. Who wants to see what this fighter can really do?
And so, the Serpent gives you a real spectacle! Have your silver handy to place your wagers! I give you evil and terror incarnate!
I should warn you: Lucky Cho is trying to eliminate you.
Lucky Cho offered me the services of a poisoner.
I consider you a worthy opponent. I want to make sure our match is honest.
We have to watch each other's backs, or the Guild will fix every fight.
Because I expect a reward from you, and a generous one at that.
That is a fine reward. Thank you.
You earned it. Eliminating the General couldn't have been easy. He was getting on in years, but was never an easy opponent.
That's it? Training only if I defeat you? I was expecting silver.
Life in a small town on the edge of the Empire can be hard, and many people die untimely deaths. What more needs be said on the subject?
Why have you come here, specifically?
Are there many different styles taught in the Prosperous East?
You think he throws fights?
He values learning more than victory, then?
That's pathetic. He deserves to be called Hapless, then.
Is there any way through the Emperor's Gate?
Do you know any of the history of the Wall?
Let me ask about another area of the city.
Ya Zhen: Your role is of great importance indeed. Mortals are never returned to life in their own form.
And here, take this. Li-Li collected for us. I'm sure you'll be happy with the sum. I'm ready to leave whenever I get bored.
Even so, I did my best. I made you strong enough to achieve your destiny, but with a weakness I could exploit. I thought I anticipated everything, but you proved me wrong.
Dong Ping
Zhong
Henpecked Hou
This has been... troubling. We should return to the flyer as soon as possible so everyone can discuss what we have learned.
I don't like what we have seen here. We must return to your flyer so everyone can discuss what we have learned.
A regrettable adventure. We should return to the flyer so everyone can discuss what we have learned.
This has been very troubling. We must return to the flyer so we can discuss these strange events with everyone present.
This has been a confusing evening. We should go back to the flyer to unload this information on someone more concerned with it... and for wine.
Chai Ka: We are closer to the heart of the enemy. The others will want to know about this. We should return to the flyer.
The Soul Extractor certainly kills whatever is placed within it, but little is left of the victim, so you cannot prove they did not belong there. Only a spirit shard remains.
The golem press is far more dangerous, but I have nothing to do with that ungainly device. I prefer the elegance of ripping slaves apart.
The machine looks dangerous. Have accidents claimed any lives?
What slave traders would that be? I've never heard of anybody trading slaves around here.
Mummy
All right, this is as far as I'm going. I'm a guide, not a soldier.
Your allies are fighting already. You better join them. I don't need any of these outlaws reaching me.
We will need our weapons before we can properly deal with the bandits. We should see Gujin as quickly as we can.
Hey... you! What do you think you're doing here? Get out of here, or we'll throw you out.
Ha! You sound like my weakling friend over here. *cod6*Please let me pass.*cod6* No!
I'm not the one in trouble here. *We* outnumber *you*... in case you haven't noticed.
Ha! Not bad, you've got some spirit, but it'll take more than that to get past us.
Now, how about you just turn yourself around before you get hurt.
You don't hear so well, do you? Maybe we'll just have to *show* you what we mean!
Boys! We may be young, but we've trained all our lives.
Only a fool looks forward to a beating! Ha!
C'mon... let's teach our visitor some respect!
I'm just visiting. Please let me pass.
Careful what you say. It might get you into trouble.
Just try it. It'll be the last thing you do!
How about you let me pass!
Get out of my way, boys!
I'm looking forward to this. Let's go!
You gain the envious ability to buy and sell at your whim. And I... I can prove my worth in my new role. Perhaps I will even do well enough to get promoted.
Well, that is a most excellent way to think about it.
Simply call upon me as you would any of your followers, and I'll be there. In the meantime, I have much to do.
As you wish. I have much work to do myself.
I'm afraid my supplies are a little low at the moment. But fear not, I will acquire new items as quickly as I can. I should go and see what I can dig up for you.
Don't worry, I'll be around. Just call on me if you need something. Good day!
Great. I could use someone of your skill.
Ya Zhen
Thank you, oh great and noble friend! Minister Sheng weeps with relief to hear such news! I have no doubt you will take care of this in a quick and efficient fashion.
Kill me? But... but why? What has poor Minister Sheng ever done to you that you would want to spill his precious blood?
Help! Guards! Minister Sheng is in trouble! Help! Help!
This is the Journal screen. Click on the quests in the window on the left or individual tasks in the window on the right to view more details. A description for the selected quest or task appears in the window below. Click Filter to filter your quests, click Dialog Review to review past dialogs, or click Plot Items to view your inventory.
Look! He's back!
Not hurt?
The Drowned Orphans
Hello! Greetings! Welcome! My name is Steeper Yanru and I'll be.... No! That's not right! Not right at all! Idiot! I'm Barkeep Yanru now, not Steeper Yanru.\n
I'm sorry about that. I still can't get the hang of this new position. Sometimes I wish Old Mother Kwan still owned the teahouse so things could go back to the way they were.
Pedestal
Slow down, my friend! I can't serve you wine yet; I'm not a real barkeep. Master Dutong just has me practicing so I'll be ready when he turns this place from a teahouse into a tavern.
Master Dutong wants me to practice giving out advice for now. He wants me to stay focused until I get the hang of it. No wine--except for him, of course. You want some advice?\n
No, it wouldn't have. But these days I live a sad, pathetic existence. Would things be any worse if I was a ghost in the ruins?
Your disgust is nothing compared to my own self-loathing. Sometimes I wonder if I would be better off as a spirit wandering the ruins instead of the broken shell I am now.
Hello again! A salutorious greeting and welcome! I'm going to be the best barkeep in Tien's Landing, as soon as Three Sheets Dutong turns this place into a tavern.
I would rather have kept my old job, but Dutong's in charge now. He says I have to practice giving out wine and advice so I can become a real barkeep, just like the ones in the Imperial City.
Nothing. It's not important. Not anymore.
Why are you bothering me? I've done nothing to you. I'm just a tired old man trying to drink his tea.
Fine, I'll go.
Throwing your own life away wouldn't have saved them.
Dutong gets very friendly when he starts to drink. You might get a confession out of him then, but I doubt it. He's not really all that drunk at that stage.
Usually after about seven bowls, he slips into depression and sorrow. He complains about how his life is worthless and what a bad and sinful man he is. Not a pretty sight.
By the ninth glass he starts to get paranoid. You can't really talk to him then. Usually around that time I try to slip a restorative potion into his glass to sober him up.
Golem
No problem. We have two sorts of wine here: peasants' wine and Imperial seasoned spirits. The peasants' wine is pretty weak, but that's usually what Dutong drinks.\n
The Imperial seasoned spirits are a lot stronger. One bowl of that is worth three bowls of peasants' wine. And if Dutong gets too drunk, I have the restorative to sober him up.
One drink for Master Dutong, coming up. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure thing. He doesn't like taking it, but I'll just slip it into a glass. He'll drink it and be sober as a judge in no time. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure. Just remember, I'm pretty new at this. I'm still practicing. Let's try this one: Every bureaucrat knows a tree grows toward the light--but a rock grows not at all.\n
The wise man will always remember that falling leaves spiral downwards, but only until they rest on the earth.\n
I kind of like this next one: If you drop a rock in a well, you'll hear a splash--but if you drop a feather in a fire, you'll hear something very different.
Here's a short one: If you must sleep on the same bed, at least try to dream different dreams.
When one's foot knows what one's hand is doing, one is dangerous; but if the belly button has not been consulted, havoc will ensue.
I have no idea. Dutong just had me memorize a bunch of wise sayings. None of them make much sense to me. Maybe they'll sound better if people drink the wine.
Just remember what I told you. You never know when a bit of homespun wisdom will come in handy.
Sorry, but Dutong only had me memorize five sayings. You bled me dry earlier. I have no more advice left. Is there anything else you need?
Farewell! Take care! If you ever need any advice, I'll be right here, handing it out like a barkeep should. Goodbye!
How does this work... exactly?
Whatever you say. Can I go now?
What are you talking about?
Get out of my way!
What? Why would you need to do that?
I still have no idea what you're talking about.
So don't do it! It won't bother me one bit.
It sounds like a very difficult job.
I'm sorry if this has caused you trouble, but I do what I must.
Get out of my way or I'll move you!
I don't have time for this, Zin Bu!
What do you need me for?
So, how does that help you?
So, I have to sell you something now?
Zin Bu the Magical Abacus
There wasn't much of it left when I left. The place was empty, and no one in their right mind would return.
Why did you leave Broken Path?
Though you did earn a few points by making her storm out of here for good. All that talk of honor was taking the fun out of crushing my foes.
What is the difference? The person dies each time.
[Leave.]
That was such an exciting event. All the fighting, the crowd cheering.... I almost got distracted.
Well, I did get distracted, and that wasn't so good, but it was fun, and I learned a lot from it.
All we really know, is that Second Brother is missing. Master Smiling Hawk sent him on an errand,  but no one has seen him since.
It is unlike Second Brother to be gone this long without contacting us. I suspect that something has happened to him.
We have students looking for him now. I hope we find him soon. He is a good man... and an excellent brother.
It's named after Master Black Leopard, the school's first true master. He founded the school in a remote region of the Empire hundreds of years ago.
The school grew slowly but steadily under Master Black Leopard's tutelage, but it wasn't until he was quite old that the school became as popular as it is today.
Emperor Zhu Fu, having trained at the school as a youth, moved the school to the Imperial City. Since then, the school has become the very best in the Empire.
Oh really? You find me disagreeable? You should try standing downwind of yourself, peasant.
She seemed to take particular offense that it was you who defeated her. Not surprising, considering you two weren't on speaking terms.
And please, don't bother firing yourself up to challenge me out of some fool notion of pride.
Master Gang
The arena floor will be set up with ancient magical devices. They will attempt to fry you to a crisp, much to the crowd's delight.
Your job is to stay on your feet for the course of the match, while they fling deadly projectiles your way. I'd suggest dodging, but that's just me.\n
Hello and welcome to Chumin's Woodcrafts. I'm afraid I don't have any woodwork items ready right now; my inventory is a bit under stocked.
Do you mind? I am in no mood for company, given my present state of despondency.
I confess that I am eager to find a woman of genuine intellect and class; however, I have long given up hope of finding such a bride in this all too provincial town.
My name is Yaoru, though some of the locals disparagingly refer to me as Yaoru the Sailor. You see, I am predisposed to seasickness, ergo I despise the water.
Yet I suffer their verbal slings and arrows with nary a complaint; it is just one more misfortune to pile atop the great heap that buries me in misery.
I am at the stage of my life in which I long for companionship, a wife with intellect and refinement comparable, but just slightly inferior, to my own.
Unfortunately, this town presents scant opportunity for a suitable match. Seamstresses, barmaids, peasants... I may as well marry the harlots selling themselves in the street!
Ai Ling? Surely you jest! The infamy of that woman's gang leads me to believe she is barely above a beast... though I hear she is fair to gaze upon.
You have thrust that unappetizing morsel onto my palate once before; I refused it then, and I do so again without hesitation.
[Success] I admit I am quite capable of bringing culture even to one such as her. And she is a stunning physical specimen.
Perhaps you are right. It could be a worthy challenge to try and affect the grand metamorphosis on this ugly caterpillar; my reward may well be a gorgeous butterfly.
[Success] She is undeniably beautiful. And she has run her unsavory organization with an efficacy that hints at some modicum of intelligence.
[Failure] A match for me? I would be offended were the suggestion not so ludicrous as to be completely dismissible. Ai Ling is no match for me!\n
[Success] I am well versed in Ai Ling's reputation; I have no desire to endure the protracted beatings she unleashed on that unfortunate baker.
Very well, I consent to a meeting with Ai Ling herself. Take me to her, that we may move events to their ultimate conclusion.
[Failure] Such threats may cause those with less sophistication to befoul themselves, but I know the laws of the Empire protect me against unprovoked assault upon my person!
Harsh words will not sway my opinion of Ai Ling; in fact, your attitude merely confirms my belief that she would make a most unfit bride.
Gladly... though I fear even the potentiality of such a match will now leave a permanent scar upon my already tortured mind.
Or perhaps everyone else's standards are far too low! I shall not allow myself to be saddled with a marriage of convenience; not when I deserve so much more.
I understand your desire to seek elucidation from one whose vocabulary is elevated above the grunts and squawks of the general rabble inhabiting this town.
However, I am in no mood to converse with you. Not while my heart bears the weight of my great burden.
Your jibes can nary prick the armor of my pride; they are blunted barbs forged by the sputtering flames of your lesser intellect.
Farewell. Perhaps we shall speak again, if you ever tire of the braying and neighing of these barnyard animals.
Why have you returned? I suspect there must be some reason beyond the desire to add the agony of conversing with you to my already incalculable sufferings.
I know a woman who might be interested in you.
What's wrong?
Ai Ling is looking for a husband.
[Charm] I bet you could transform her into a true lady.
[Intuition] She's smart and beautiful... a perfect match for you.
Map Not Available
[Intimidation] Ai Ling wants to meet you. I strongly suggest you go!
Charm
Intimidation
Intuition
Body and Mind
Spirit and Body
Do not bother me. Introductions merely clutter the mind.
I don't think they was bothering you, Sui. It's Bo being talked to.
I am... unaccustomed to admissions of this kind, but the situation demands no less. I want proof of Death's Hand misdeeds, but... there is more at stake.
Allow me to apologize for not speaking with you earlier. We believe that speaking with the spectators cheapens our role here.
It is an honor to speak with the champion. What may we do for you?
Anyone who can best our combined might deserves our fixed attention. What may we do for you?
You have come far in a short time. We have been watching you with keen interest.
A victory against an unbeaten opponent is no small thing.
Han falls to your strikes, as have so many before. Now that you have entered the Bronze Division, we shall see how you truly fare. Now, what did you need?
Do not worry too much about us, though. There are many fights between you and the Sung brothers, but we shall humor your questions.
Indeed, had we forced you from your path, we might have introduced several notes of dissonance into the family harmony, leaving us in the berry-stained shoes of Tuneless Tao.
You must be very careful. If they learn your identity, you will face the whole fortress. As strong as you are, I don't think you would live to discredit Death's Hand.
I don't want to lose you in a place like this. You could die here, and I wanted to say I would find that... very unfortunate.
General Kao is a good man, and an exceptional warrior. He will accept any challenge put before him, though.
As a result, he was the only emperor to pass several major decrees posthumously, his advisors having long since taken over his duties. It was a fitting end, in a way.
We don't have a stable! That donkey's going to get cold!
I'm sure the donkey will be fine, brother, or, at least, justifiably unhappy instead of randomly petulant.
My brothers drift from the matter at hand! What may we do for you?
Though Han seems less cheerful these days than before. I hope his illusions haven't finally been shattered.
I'm sure he will bounce back as fresh as ever, though. He always does.
Princess... no, you pretend about too much to be genuine in this. Honest affection comes from years of growth.
Even if it was only... recently discovered.
Ah, but that is not always an option. Sometimes there are difficult choices that must be made.
General Kao has defeated more men in single duels than there are ways to ruin a cake. I'd be careful.
Yes, yes. Minister Sheng is most appreciative. Now if you'll excuse me, I must plan my triumphant return to the Imperial City!
Ha! It is hard to argue with success! My lord, Judge Fang, Chief Minister of Harmony, will surely be impressed with me. He will protect me from the vile Assassins!
No. Or I should say, not another! You have the thanks of the Ministry, and I do believe the good Captain Ing already sent a runner with his thanks.
Pretty!
Stop! Thief! Come back here with my sword!
Put that sword back, lout! Surely there was never a minister as unlucky as Minister Sheng, to suffer such insolence!
Is that it? You're just going to let the thief walk free?
And still poor Minister Sheng suffers the insults of tradesmen who know nothing of justice! Where would I put the lout?
My jail has been burned to the ground. Along with my office, I might add. I have no place to put thieves! So stop questioning your betters!
It is not easy to be Minister Sheng! Beset with troubles and doom, and now interrupted by some difficult stranger!
Truly, can you not see that I am busy watching my career slide into oblivion? Minister Sheng simply hasn't time for your petty concerns! I have problems of my own!
The Ministry of Harmony, which oversees taxation and execution, usually in that order. But poor Minister Sheng oversees nothing in this dying town! Nothing but failure!
You what? Insolence! My career is on the line, and you want to talk about something else? Look about you!
This backwater pimple of a town lives off of the lake created by the Great Dam. But the Great Dam is open and the lake is dry. The town is dying... under my supervision!
I thank you, and my Fen will thank you when she is returned to me.
Not by me. I cannot act against that horrible Assassin Lim, who opened the Great Dam! I'm not supposed to even say his name, but I am desperate for a solution.
Who cares about that? The Great Dam was opened by... no, I cannot say. It is too dangerous. Unless... very well, you've convinced me. It was that horrible Inquisitor Lim!
Nobody else seems to know about the Assassins.
I am sure you do. But first you will hear my cries of pain! You must help Minister Sheng!
Think of the people of the town! All the little children and nice merchants, slowly dying. Old ones in the street, gasping their last. Minister Sheng needs your help!
Some brave soul must travel through the old ruins, which are absolutely not infested with ghosts, and close the Great Dam. The gate to the ruins is locked, but I have a key.
I cannot order, or even ask, someone to go do this! If the Great Dam closes, the ruins will flood! Various Assassins and soldiers will be killed! Not good for my career.
My precious Flower of the Fields. I can't leave without her.
But if I happened to *lose* the key and someone happened to *find* it... the town could be saved and the problem solved without any sanction from me!
Think about what? I don't know what you're talking about. So, stranger, is there anything else Minister Sheng can do for you?
What are you talking about? I haven't given you anything. Although, I will need that back when you're done.
I've barely said two words to you, and certainly nothing about closing the Great Dam. You can never claim I said anything about that!
Not from me, certainly, because I never asked you to do anything. Right? Now I happen to know of a ship's captain down on the waterfront--Ing, I think--who is trapped here.
He has a big cargo rotting in his hold. I am sure he would pay a good sum to anyone who could close the Great Dam.
And again you bother me! Is there no end? Did you find the controls to the Great Dam? You must close the Great Dam. Not that I said anything about that, of course.
You haven't gotten to it? Have you been busy seeing the sights of this lovely town? Wandering the serene countryside? Visiting relatives?
The dam is closed, and the town is saved, so Minister Sheng feels magnanimous. That means I will answer your questions, by the way.
Oh do you? Then ask, by all means. My life and troubles can simply wait while you satisfy your curiosity!
My career is in tatters. My life is over. But you have questions, so we'd better deal with that!
Well, I think that is wonderful. Let's sit and chat while the sky falls all around us... along with my career!
Ah, my favorite subject! Ask and Sheng, Imperial Minister of Harmony for this entire region, will let you bask in the glory that is... me!
I need some directions.
Don't... Why... How dare... yes. You are right. I am minister of this bleeding puss-pool of a town. And yes, it is because I am in disfavor. Are you through?
Very well. I still feel some slight affection for your earlier service to me. Ask and Minister Sheng shall answer.
Excellent. Truly good news! I haven't anything else to do. I'm still hours away from committing suicide.
Minister Sheng needs doers, not askers! What has happened to the helpful-but-silent peasant that was once a staple of the Empire?
I once lived in the Imperial City! I was almost a regular at court! Now Minister Sheng is reduced to answering questions in the street.
You've got style, girl. You're just fine in my book, as long as your purse is full.
Woe to Sheng, that his sole ally is an uneducated simpleton! The Ministry of Harmony oversees taxes and executions for this entire region.
Judge Fang, the Chief Minister of Harmony! He didn't want me anywhere near the seat of power! He sent me here--an exile as unjust as any in the history of the Empire!
Jealousy! You see, by the rosters of the Imperial bureaucracy, I am next in line for Fang's job. It was only a matter of time until Minister Sheng ascended to his position!
You're not half bad, for a man. You're in my good books as long as you have the silver to stay there.
Fang does not think much of me, so he banished me to this remote branch of the Ministry of Harmony. Now one of his lackeys will take my rightful position as his successor!
The shame! When the Great Dam opened and the lake drained, a ship was trapped in port, and the sailors got quite rowdy.
They got drunk and set fire to the Ministry of Harmony's office. That is the ruin of it over there. Fortunately, since the Great Dam has been closed, the sailors are gone!
The shame! Since the Great Dam opened and the lake drained, there has been a ship trapped in port, and the sailors are growing increasingly rowdy.
Some of them got drunk and set fire to the Ministry of Harmony's office. That is the ruin of it over there.
What can be done? The sailors want to leave as badly as the town wants them gone. But until the dam is closed, their ship isn't going anywhere.
I'm sure Captain Ing down by the pier would offer you some sort of reward to close the Great Dam and free his ship. That is what we in the Ministry of Harmony call a hint.
About what? Are you mad? I never said anything about that. What do you want to know?
Sweet Poison Lyn's my name, and I trade in rarities of a magical nature. I guarantee I have something you need.
What do you need from me?
I have my sources. Some of them rich, some of them poor, and all of them very concerned with their privacy.
These fine wares may have changed hands a few times over history, but that's the nature of such things. If you're that worried, don't buy anything.\n
Filter - Active Main Story Quests
That is as much as I can ask, I suppose. Thank you.
I have lost all that I had. All I really want back is my precious Fen. If you find anything else of mine with these bandits, it is yours.
I'm not, because I never asked you to do this. Right? I happen to know a ship's captain down on the waterfront--Ing, I think--who is trapped here since the Great Dam opened.
He has a big cargo rotting in his hold. I am sure he would pay a good sum to any who could close the Great Dam. Be sure to stop by Beggar's Pier and talk to Captain Ing.
Do you have any idea how much magic the arena itself holds? These walls have seen more than you or I can imagine, and there's enough security for me not to worry.
Filter - Active Subquests
What the Imperial bureaucrats don't know won't hurt them. First they decree wind maps off limits, and now there's concern over magical artifacts.
Certain items have always been considered *cod6*questionable,*cod6* but enforcement has been more strict in the past few years.
Perhaps, but there's more happening than a simple crackdown. Who can say, though?
All I really know is that the restrictions have done wonders for my customers' tolerance for raised prices. What more could I ask for?
Magical enhancements and knowledge. Have a look at my wares and see for yourself.
I'll be here when you need more of my goods.
I have enough to keep your interest.
My purse is my own concern.
Please, I am grateful for whatever you can do. My Flower of the Fields. I can't leave without her.
Whether or not you get any of my silver depends on what you have for sale.
Oh, please. Ask away. Minister Sheng--that's Imperial Minister Sheng of the Ministry of Harmony--has nothing better to do than act as your guide to local customs!
Where do you find your wares?
Are these goods stolen?
Spear Catches Leaf
It is true, I am knowledgeable and well-traveled. Very well, let me elucidate.
But I respect him! Oh yes, I respect him so very, very much.
Do you ever worry about this much magic in one place?
Ru announced three days ago that he was going to close the Great Dam, but first he stopped at the teahouse for a bowl of wine. As far as I know, he is still there.
I believe I saw him down by his barge, on Beggar's Pier. You can probably find him there. Just follow the smell of wine.
You have not felt her charms upon your soul. Fine, be on your way, but please... if you see my Fen, my Flower of the Fields, get her away from those bandit mongrels.
Minister Sheng remembers when flyers were reserved for the wealthy elite of the Imperial City. Now pirates use them to raid the countryside. Disgraceful!
They'll work her to death, I know it. Or eat her... or worse. I can't leave this place without her.
The man to see is named Qui the Promoter. He knows everything there is to know about this place.
I recently saw a large fleet of flyers pass by. Minister Sheng held out hope that they had come to escort him away from this demeaning post and back to the Imperial City.
Might even be looking for a new body to fill out the roster. This could be your chance. If you're interested, he's usually up in his office. Up and around to the back.
Of course, champion! Always an honor to have your patronage.
But the flyers never stopped in Tien's Landing. They headed upriver, toward the pirates' camp. No doubt they went there to refuel, though where they are now, I could not say.
Stop by again! Miniature Ravager hoods for the kids are coming in any day now. You know you'll want two!
Come back again soon!\n
Exactly! Because I never actually asked you to help, right? Very good. Now go close the Great Dam. Quickly!
Yes, yes. Go and leave Minister Sheng alone to ponder his troubles. Now go close the Great Dam, and I never said that!
Yes, yes, go on your way. There is no hope anyway. The dam is destroyed and Minister Sheng is cursed! Woe!
Very well, run along! Now that the dam is closed again, Minister Sheng is on his way back to the Imperial City, I'm sure of it!
Quit crying, fool, or we will gut you like a carp.
These reeds hide so many thieves... you could walk right past a camp and not see it. There's no telling where they took your friend, or my Fen.
My precious Fen. I hope these bandit thugs are merciful with her.
These marshes are not kind to gentle creatures.
She has a strong spirit, but there is only so much of a burden a heart can carry.
Yes, much like the danger we must choose to face, and deciding... whose heart you think of to get you through such times.
[Success] Well, of course you want to keep everyone together. How else are we to function as a team? I cannot fault you for trying to be an effective diplomat.
That's not what this is about. I was looking for a more personal assurance of... something.
[Success] I... am not certain what this means, but I am sufficiently intrigued to let it pass for now.
You phrase things is such a way that I feel I am equal with a princess. That brings me comfort, even if the rest of this is a bit confusing.
I imagine it would be, little Dawn Star. We shall have to see if anything comes of it.
For now, I believe we are done here. Take care within the Assassins' fortress. To save your master, you must expose Death's Hand.
Ah, I know you. You are the new acolyte, and you have already brought change. I am the Keeper of the Archive, and I was about to write a new entry.
And when you have succeeded, the three of us can expand on what you have suggested.
Do you have any idea how much paperwork I have to do when a contestant of the Empire's finest tournament dies?
Wards and spells have protected fighters in this place since its construction. It's been easily twenty years since they failed.
Very little, I'm afraid. The school enjoys a degree of privacy from the outside world. It allows us to focus on our training, but it also isolates us.
I haven't been beyond these walls in almost five years. There is really nothing for me in the world beyond. My focus is the school and its students.
Press the BACK button to view the controller layout*cod2*Use your Fight Style keys to change styles.
It was a dark day. My predecessor lost several good men when the spells failed during an event he'd ironically dubbed the Feast of the Ogres.
I'm no sorcerer, but I suppose it could happen. Still, any magically inclined person would notice something like that.
Even if someone removed them, the protections would re-weave themselves automatically in time. They've done so before.
I shall talk until the blueness of the over-quick diner tinges my face if that's what it takes for you to join!
Here ended the rule of Shin, a petty man who fell to the wiles of those he subjugated. He will be replaced by Master Gang and....\n
That's the spirit of the thing! Now, what name proceeds you in your travels?
Ah... right. A fine name... a fine name indeed.
But it won't sell. Not at all. We need something more memorable for the crowds.
Have a bit of a past that you'd rather not catch up with you? You're not the first!
I've heard that one before. Have you any idea how many bored students peramputate down here from the Scholars' Garden?
Think of something that would sound engaging ringing from the rafters. That's how we'll bill you!
Raging Dragon, huh? Sounds fast and powerful. I like it. Are you positive that's what you want?
Silver Phoenix.... Silver Phoenix. Conjures up quite an image. Are you certain?
Now that's a decisive name. Tiger Lifts the Mountain it is, if you're certain?
Then that is what you shall have. Come and tell me when you're ready for a fight, and I'll get you started.
Don't worry if you have to take off for a while; we'll work around your schedule. Don't forget about us, though, or we might forget about you.
Since you're new, you'll start in the qualifying rounds. The money's small at that level, but it's there. Any other questions?
One other thing. You should talk to the other fighters now and then. They will be watching you, and you should get to know them, as well.
We're all one big happy family!
You're a big, happy idiot, Han!
As you can see, they always have something to say.
Take your time; you have to be happy with it.
He escaped death, but there is no greater penalty for a Lotus Assassin than to be removed from the sight of Death's Hand and our Emperor.
Truly this is a loss for all involved. The offer stands as surely as the Wall itself, when your senses restore to their proper balance.
As sure as a dog will scratch where the flea bites, I knew you would return. Fighting's in your blood, and you'll itch until you test yourself in this grand contest!
Look at our Bronze Division champion, Crimson Khana. I can see that the two of you could be battle sisters: the way you stand, the steel in your eyes.
Testing yourself against the finest in the Empire: what else could a young man dream of?
That was an impressive beginning. Normally I'd have started you off against something easier, but you practically ooze potential!
You've caught the eyes of the other fighters, as well. Go ask them if you don't believe me.
That really was a fantastic bout!
Beating the ogre's nothing special. I could have done better bound and blinded!
Sometimes you don't even need to ask.
One fight does not make a champion, though! There are many more opponents ahead of you. Let's move on, shall we?
If you must.
No.
Won't the Lotus Assassins be mad at you?
What are you minister of?
This route is plagued with enemy ships. What do you want to do?
What kind of problems do you have?
Why is the Great Dam open?
Is there anything that can be done?
I'm searching for a fleet of flyers.\n
Why do you run your shop back here?
Is there anything I can do?
Do you have any idea why these restrictions are in place?
I want to ask you about something else.
This doesn't concern me.
Slow down. Tell me what happened.
Interesting. I'll think about it.
Hey! What did you just give me? Is that a key?
If you're done babbling, I have some questions for you.
Is there a reward for doing this?
I haven't gotten to it yet.
I have some questions for you.
I'm curious about you.
If I see her, I will do what I can.
It couldn't just be that your goods are stolen?
Doesn't *cod6*this entire region*cod6* just consist of this town?
What does the Ministry of Harmony do?
Why were you sent to Tien's Landing?
But why did he do that?
Show me what you have to sell.
Why are you standing here in front of a cart?
Someone should do something about those sailors.
I have questions about closing the Great Dam.
Only if it does not interfere with my concerns.
What kind of reward are you offering?
Attack: Staff*cod2*Support: You deal extra damage with Weapon styles.*cod2*Zu's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*Sagacious Zu's mysterious past belies great experience and skill. His staff is a valuable asset in battle.*cod2**cod2*
Attack: Long Sword*cod2*Support: You deal extra damage with Martial styles. *cod2*Silk Fox's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*Silk Fox is as enigmatic as she is beautiful. When her long sword is not flashing from foe to foe, she lends her skill to you.*cod2**cod2*
Attack: Demon Form*cod2*Support: Recovers your Health*cod2*Chai Ka's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*A guardian demon bound in the body of a child, Chai Ka will fight alongside you with his great strength or channel his power through you.*cod2**cod2*
Attack: Demon Form*cod2*Support: Recovers your Health*cod2*Ya Zhen's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*A hideous demon using Wild Flower's body as an anchor, Ya Zhen tears through enemies with his claws and tongue.*cod2**cod2*
Attack: Fallen Blades*cod2*Support: None*cod2*Death's Hand's attacks can damage spirits.*cod2**cod2*The body and spirit of the tortured Prince Kin are yours to command. Just as he did for both Sun Hai and Sun Li, Death's Hand serves you with ruthless efficiency and brutal strength.
What would I receive for helping you?
Strref 27567 : Wildflower
Attack: Monk Spade*cod2*Support: Recovers your Chi, Focus, and Health*cod2*Abbot Song's attacks can damage spirits. *cod2**cod2*The abbot of the doomed Spirit Monks, Abbot Song serves the Water Dragon, even in death. His hope for redemption lies with you. *cod2**cod2*
I need information about the town.
I have plenty of other items that might just fit, though! Why don't you have a look?
I want to ask you about the Empire.
Where can I find Ru the Boatswain?
Your concerns do not interest me. Move aside.
Let's take a look at your wares.
Has a fleet of flyers passed by recently?
Do you have anything I might be interested in?
How can I get to the pirates' camp?
Tell me more about the arena.
I never actually said I would help you.
Those boys won't be back any time soon. Losing as a group to one opponent would shame a peasant, let alone a student of the martial arts.
Excellent work. You have bested time itself in destroying that statue! No mean feat, I assure you.
You dealt with Han very well. I knew you would; all of our professional fighters move past him eventually.
Qui, that will be enough.
I bring you a message from my employer, Kai Lan the Serpent. He is impressed with how far you have come in such a short while.
The Serpent wants you to know that he is watching your progress very closely. He is most interested to see how you fare in the Bronze Division.
Qui, you may breathe again. That is all I had to say.
Well, that was... good, I think.
He has a distinct interest in the proceedings here. He is an ex-champion, you see.
He retired some time ago, even before Raging Ox, who was the champion before the Ravager. Kai Lan couldn't leave the arena alone, though.
He has become a very important man here, with the help of a group called the Guild.
Lucky Cho is a thug, pure and simple, but he's very good at what he does. He is also a member of the Guild, and reports directly to Kai Lan.\n
Kai Lan *cod6*oversees*cod6* things here in the arena, and the Guild ensures that the authorities leave us in peace.
I see no need to rise to your taunts. I've come to accept that most people do not care to understand my philosophy.
Indeed, we should.
The Guild is the organization that controls all of the betting in this place. That gives them considerable sway. It is good that they are happy with your progress.
Between us, the Guild is also involved in more illicit activities. They are very sensitive about remaining an *cod6*open secret.*cod6* Many know about them, but few acknowledge that fact.
Do not discuss them openly. The Guild has many ears. You may ask some of the others in the arena about them, if you wish, but I would not bring it up to just anyone.
A wise decision. Very wise.
I would not recommend that. I'm sure the authorities are already aware of their existence.
Reporting them for activities you cannot prove is like stirring a chamber pot with a short stick. You're the one likely to lose in that situation.
You are strong, but they are many and work in shadows.\n
For the sake of your career, I suggest that you limit any questions you have to your fellow fighters.
Well done! That fight was much better than this wine!\n
With all the pure water pouring from the palace you'd think they might have learned how to make wine that didn't taste like goat piss.
Black Whirlwind? That *is* you! Are you back to...?
No! Just here visiting and making sure nothing happens to your newest fighter.
So you won't be...?
No. Leave it alone, Qui. You know better than to bring this up. Just mind your business, Promoter, and I'll mind mine.
He.... You travel in curious company. Regardless, when you're ready, come talk to me again, and we'll discuss your next match.
I know him, yes, but I know better than to contravicate *his* wishes. If you want to talk about it, ask him. I'm staying out of it.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I must prepare for your entry into the Bronze Division. It will take me a bit of time before you'll be ready for your next fight.
That was a good start to the Bronze Division. Those beasts are far stronger than they look.
Fantastic! A test of speed passed with exceptional celery! Now, I've....
Your sudden and polite silences are always appreciated, Qui.
I have a message for Raging Dragon.
I'm sure you won't mind if I take a moment to pass a message to Silver Phoenix.
I have a message for you, Tiger Lifts the Mountain.
Kai Lan the Serpent has, as promised, been watching you intently. You have impressed him so far, and he is interested to see how you fare in your next match.
My husband thought all the smoke was from burning incense... but there's just too much.
The Serpent foresees your victory in the next match, and he has backed his prediction with silver. He sincerely hopes that his faith in your skills was not misplaced.
You're lucky you've never said anything as piggish to me.
That is all. If you will excuse me, I have some people who need to be spoken to.
Ha, well, I'm certain that won't be a problem for you. Did you have a question for me?
That was an exceptional fight. I haven't seen demons in the ring before.
No one questions your skills; that is why you were allowed to fight that beast.
That reminds me, I was asked to instruct you to talk with Lucky Cho before your next match.\n
He didn't say, and when I asked, he gave me that glare of his.
I understand, and it is never my intent to impediment your progress! That said, Lucky Cho is not a man I can ignore.
Go, speak with him now. The sooner you do, the sooner I can return you to the ring.
Khana's winning streak has been broken at last.
Menu
The heavens welcome my machines, but not without considerable cajoling. If you want to fly more than a short distance, I will need an Inscrutable Power Source.
Ha! What wonders cling to you, my friend! There were only two in this whole region, and I destroyed one so Inquisitor Lim would not make off with my Marvelous Dragonfly.
The other was with the Lotus Assassins, but the fools only used it for demolition. Now here you stand with it. I will put it in the Dragonfly, and it will be ready to go.
Hm... not the ideal placement. If it shook more, the heavens might think we were afraid and take pity. This is more stable... but not as fun.\n
Okay, she's ready to go! Hop on. I know a nice safe landing place just outside Tien's Landing. Very unlikely we'll crash.
I don't know. There was one here for the Dragonfly... until I blew it up! That was the only way to keep Inquisitor Lim from taking my Dragonfly to the Imperial City.
I know the Assassins have another one. They were using it for blasting and excavation. Lim once said something about ruins.
If you're looking for the Inscrutable Power Source, I'd find some ruins that also have Assassins in them.
Ha! Why not just build another sun? Or the tumbling waters of a river? No, an Inscrutable Power Source must be found, not built. Gao found one and brought it here... then I blew it up!
It was the only way to make sure they did not take my Marvelous Dragonfly and fly off to the Imperial City without me. Without an Inscrutable Power Source, she won't fly very far.
Oh, the Assassins have an Inscrutable Power Source. In fact, they had two. One was here, and they planned to put it in the Dragonfly.
But Kang was fast and smart. Kang exploded the Power Source. That way they couldn't take my beautiful Dragonfly and fly away without me!
And of course, when you get the Inscrutable Power Source, someone has to actually put it in the Dragonfly. Nobody else can do it!
Ah, yes, the Assassins have one that they took from my workshop. They use it for excavating. I think that Inquisitor Lim said something about the ruins.
So, if I had to hazard a guess, I'd say that if you're looking for the Inscrutable Power Source, I'd find some ruins that also have Assassins in them.
Horse Demon
What's on the other side of the door?
But they *can* make a new inductor. It is extraneous, after all. So a few days ago, I blew up the Inscrutable Power Source. Now the Dragonfly can only make short hops.
I have an Inscrutable Power Source.
Where would I find an Inscrutable Power Source?
Why don't you build one?
How was Lim planning to use the Dragonfly without a Power Source?
You can concentrate better, slowing down the world around you even more.
Where can I find the Inscrutable Power Source?
You have better insight to your opponent's strengths, allowing you to avoid them.
Enough of this. I have to go.
Get to work, mad fool. Do whatever it takes to get that ship built. I will take a short-range flyer and check on some of our other operations in the area.
If the Marvelous Dragonfly is not ready to launch when I return, those captive demons will have a new playmate.
But there are pirates wandering all over this town!
That's all I need for now.
Well, if I know Ru he'll be in the teahouse. He has a fine appreciation for wine, a true connoisseur.
Inventory View
Great Mistress! It is heaven itself to see you again. I have been so... so lost without your wisdom.
Thank you for saving me. I was getting tired of catering to these fools.
My poor Fen. What have you done to her?
I have lost someone as well. Did they have anyone else with them?
I have nary a clue. Unless... very well, you've convinced me to talk. It is dangerous to say anything, but I am a brave man. It was that horrible Inquisitor Lim!
Lim oversees the Lotus Assassin operations in this area. A few weeks ago, he came to town and demanded a key to the ruins. Then his men went up there and opened the Great Dam!
Thunderous Taoran
Because you haven't yet picked on my appearance or my family history. Why stop short of completely obliterating the last little bit of dignity to which Minister Sheng clings?
Back on the farm, I ain't never seen so many people and buildings in one place. 'Cept for livestock. But I guess they ain't people... or buildings.
My name's Tian, but everyone calls me Big Tian 'cause I'm so big. I came to the city to try and find me a wife. So far it's not going so good.
Say, you're real pretty. You want to be my wife? You could come live on my farm. I got chickens and oxen and lots of land.
Minister Sheng has been reduced to a tour guide! The teahouse is the large building just down the hill from here, near the entrance to the town.
It is the lowest point in town, in every sense of the word. Keep following paths downward until you can go no lower. When you see painted ladies and thugs, you've arrived.
Minister Sheng may be banished to this festering boil of a town, but I refuse to learn anything of its history! There is far too much for me to worry about as it is.
It would be hard at first, working the farm by ourselves. But after you have six or seven kids, they can help out too!
Ask your questions of the old fool who crouches on the north side of the square, muttering to himself about the old days.
Oh... okay. Well, do you know any other pretty young gals looking for a husband?
But that would really hurt... oh, I get it. You don't want to marry me. That's okay. You know any other young gals looking for a husband?
I'm sorry. I don't know too much about your fancy city ways. I didn't want to make you mad. I'm just trying to find a nice gal to marry me and come live on my farm.
You wouldn't happen to know any pretty young gals, would you? Someone who'd want to come live on the farm with me?
I'm sorry. There was no other way.
Why did they do that?
Smiling Mountain
Well, that's a real shame. If you run across any nice gals, do me a favor and mention my name to them: Big Tian. You have a nice day now.
Wait, don't go yet. I'm new to the city and I don't know my way around too good. I'm a little bit lost, too. So many people.
You do? That's great! Is she pretty? Is she a nice, simple gal who'll help out on my farm and keep me warm at night?
Well, let's go meet her. You better lead the way, 'cause I don't know where we're going.
Price? What are you talking about... oh! I get it! My old father warned me about your type. I ain't lookin' to buy me no woman. No lady-for-hire type gals for this country boy.
I just want a nice, respectable gal to be my wife. One who can help me out on the farm and such.
Okay. Well, goodbye then. Have a nice day and all.
You think Tien's Landing is a big city?
Where is the teahouse?
Where is Beggar's Pier?
Doctor An has already pronounced the poor girl dead. The Doctor wouldn't say what killed her, though. I suspect a weakness of the heart or some such.
It will not look good that she collapsed when fighting you, but your record has been strong enough to both avoid and pervert suspicion.
This is exactly what I'm talking about. This place draws scum to it as a dunghill pulls flies! Leave me. I will not waste more time with you.
I don't know if you've heard, but Khana has proclared that the first fighter who extriciates her from her championship will learn the secrets of her technique.
Come talk to me when you have a moment.
Come now! The arena works on a strictly regenticated payment system for the fights. There's no way I can give you extra.
[Success] You're right, and I suppose the books won't miss a small token. Here, take this. Don't tell the others!
[Success] I mean no offence, it's just.... I see your point. Here take this and don't tell the others!
[Failure] I'm sorry, but there's no room for bonuses, extra payments, or gratitudes of any kind. You'll be fine with the usual winnings.
Now that that's settled, what else can I do for you?
Another demon falls. We shall have to add a new division for you alone if this keeps up.
Kai Lan the Serpent wishes to speak with you personally. This is a rare honor. Do try to be polite.
You have already been granted access to the back room of the arena, and the Serpent's private chamber is just off of it. You may as well go now and see what he wants.
Oh, that's just cold.
I do not know who those men were! The fighters I picked for you to face were not Guild men, and they certainly lacked poison-coated blades.
The wards are useless against poison. That's a danger we have never been able to solve.
The Emperor's Tomb is a cherished landmark here in the city. Why would somebody destroy it?
I met the rudest man over in the Scholars' Garden. Apparently he's an Outlander.
Those men were Kai Lan's, not mine. I keep myself as far away from that end of things as I can. You have to believe that I look out for my fighters.
Just before you came up here, I received word from one of the Guild men from outside the arena. They send their apologies!
I believe they feel Kai Lan's actions were not... appropriated to the situation. You shouldn't have to fear assassins again, not after that message.
You are not hearing this from me, but tensions have risen between the Serpent and the Guild itself. He's making a bid for control and some... factions are quite upset.
You may feel caught in the middle, but the weather sages say the eye of the storm is the safest place.
I try to share some of my insights and you fling them in my face with all the class of a two silver whore!
I knew you could defeat those... things. The Imperial Army's telling me they've figured out some way to improve upon the design, thanks to you!
The Outlander isn't so bad, if you don't mind being shouted at by a fat, obnoxious windbag.
I'm not worried about ghosts. If there are any, the Emperor will deal with them quick enough.
Watch yourself around the Lotus Assassins, there's something... unnatural about them.
Brother Sui is right. No one can defeat the Ravager, not even the three of us. You stay away from him.
You should steer away from their order. That is all the advice we can offer, and all you should need.
It is a sensitive subject for my brother. He doesn't like the thought of the arena being less... liberal than he imagines it.
The Guild cares more for a good show than fair play. Good shows keep the bet money flowing, especially if a favored fighter were to suddenly and surprisingly lose.
If you let fear guide your decisions, Brother Bu, you will find that you have walked the coward's path.
Philosophy aside, the Empire certainly could wipe them out, but wouldn't another similar organization appear? Regardless, if something could be done, the Empire would have done it already.
You'll only deal with the lower ranks at this point. Bother us about fighters when you advance to a respectable level.
It seems unfair, does it not? However, you must ask yourself if you wish to be beheaded instantly when you consider this topic.
Let us put it this way. Individually, each of us is an excellent warrior: fast, strong, or smart as it may be.\n
When we faced the Ravager individually, he beat us quite handily.
He was victorious. Those who guide this arena were so pleased with the spectacle that they created a new challenge. Us.
The thought was that anyone who couldn't defeat the brothers Sung would be obliterated by the Ravager. I'm sure we have saved more than a few lives.
We have explained this to you already. Either that, or the snake of time--as theorized by the learned sage Eleven Fingers Zhou--has bitten itself in the tail.
Ahh, there's a mysterious one. Left the Imperial Army under *cod6*circumstances.*cod6* His skills quickly earned him a high rank in this contest.
I expect he saw things during his time of service that would blanch the ever-rosy face of jolly Ying Tsun the Intoxicated.
And yet, Pretty Li-Li is always hanging off him. We have often speculated why she is so interested in him, but such things are not fit for polite discussion.
Though my brothers sound like offended courtesans, they have a point. We can't deny the Ravager's abilities, but he lacks precision.
Strength is part of his technique. In fact, he may be the strongest fighter here in years--stronger even than Raging Ox, our last champion.
All types of combat styles have achieved championship levels.
According to the legends, his stomach reacted violently to eating fish. This spared him the food poisoning that eventually defeated his peers.
Indeed. We wish you luck and promise to attend your funeral after your attempt.
The Ravager's prowess lies in his incredible stamina. Blows that would fell lesser men are like the bite of a gnat to him. If you face him, use your strongest techniques.
We don't know nuthin 'bout the army.
Please excuse Brother Bu. He occasionally feels the need to speak on things to which he has not given his full attention.
Please, accept our apologies. I'm certain one of the others would be happy to tell you about the city.
The survivors must carry on as best they can. Now, Fuyao and I should be on our way. If we must brave the wilderness, I would rather do it with the sun still in the sky.
Talk to Ing
That's right, Brother Sui. I don't like ancient people either!
Talk to Ing on Beggar's Pier in Tien's Landing for a reward.
I would not end this conversation immediately, Brother Bo. Not just before facing this one in the ring.\n
Brother Sui has an ear for these things and a knowledge of history, you understand? So, I wish you a fond goodbye *and* a distinguished farewell.
Very tricky! Breaking your sentence's rhythm with an extra well-wishing comment, brother. Skillfully done.
Well, may the full spectrum of the rainbow guide you safely.
You cannot change the difficulty settings when you are in combat.
You cannot change the difficulty setting when you are flying a mission.
Yes. We shall see you around, of that you can be sure.
On Beggar's Pier in Tien's Landing, Captain Ing offered a reward to the one who could close the Great Dam. Go to Beggar's Pier in Tien's Landing and find Captain Ing to collect your reward.
Let's talk about you. Why are you allowed to fight as a team?
Why would I be beheaded?
If you're threatening me, Sung Bo....
What made you start fighting together, then?
Is he just incredibly strong, then?
If he's clumsy, why is he champion?
Regardless, I will crush him eventually and take his title.
Can you answer some questions about the city?
He's clearly an idiot, but I still want my questions answered.
Farewell, honored traveler. If you must enter Tien's Landing, speak with Minister Sheng in the town square. But a better plan would be to get away while you can.
Perhaps if you stopped wasting your time worrying about ancient sages and myths you'd feel better!
Old Ming
Though not as physically strong as others, a magical character is the best at channeling his Chi to enhance his physical strikes and fuel powerful elemental magics.
I hope my daughter will grow to be as beautiful as the princess, though perhaps less... unruly.
If there are ghosts, why haven't I seen one? All this talk about spirits is just nonsense.
Mechanic Hin Goo
** *cod16*description for willow style
Send Yushan Back
Find Kindly Yushan in Tien's Landing and compel him to return to the orphanage in the ruins to bury the bones of the orphans he abandoned. If the man feels guilty about what happened, he might be driven to drink in the teahouse, so you could start your search there.
Kill Kindly Yushan
Find Kindly Yushan in Tien's Landing, kill him, and bring his head back to Miao at the orphanage in the ruins. If the man feels guilty about what happened, he might be driven to drink in the teahouse, so you could start your search there.
Speak to Bin
Return to Bin and Miao.
My friend says he heard lots of strange sounds coming from the Necropolis. Then the fire started.
My dad says the gods are angry. That's why the Emperor's tomb is on fire.
That guy in the Scholars' Garden is always yelling and shouting. He reminds me of my mom.
There's a real funny looking guy over in the Scholars' Garden. I don't think he's from around here.
My friend says he saw a ghost when he went traveling with his uncle. He's so lucky.
Do you know any Lotus Assassins? My dad says I shouldn't bother them, but I think they're neat.
I saw the princess the other day. My mom says she's beautiful, but I think she's looks kinda silly.
Have you seen any ghosts? I've looked everywhere, but I can't find any.
I set our chicken coop on fire once, but it sure didn't make as much smoke as the fire in the Necropolis.
There's lots of smoke over at the Emperor's tomb. I guess somebody's mom let *them* play with fire.
I don't know what happened, but that Outlander guy finally stopped shouting all the time.
I think I liked the Outlander more before he got beat up. Now he's kinda boring.
I wonder if the Outlander got scolded by his tutor and that's why he doesn't scream and shout anymore.
My friends said that someone beat up the Outlander. That's why he's not yelling anymore.
I saw the Lotus Assassins fight once; they're really good. I guess that's why you joined up with them, huh?
If I was a Lotus Assassin like you, I'd go beat up all the boys who make fun of me.
My mom thinks I shouldn't talk to you 'cause you're friends with the Lotus Assassins and all.
Someone said you were talking with the Lotus Assassins before... I bet that was really fun.
I bet an arena champion like you could fight a tiger with your bare hands and win!
When I grow up, I want to be an arena champion, too, just like you!
You're the one who beat the Ravager! I didn't think anyone could beat him.
Wow... I never thought I would meet an arena champion. You're amazing.
I've never met a Silver round winner before.
My dad says he likes the way you fight 'cause you make him lots of silver.
Are you gonna fight the Ravager soon? He's real tough. I don't know if you could beat him yet.
I saw the last fight you won. You were great!
If my mom caught me talking to one of the arena fighters, she'd give me a thrashing.
My dad says that when I get bigger, he'll take me to see the fights in the arena.
Sometimes I sneak in and watch the fights at the arena. Maybe I'll see you fight next time.
Are you fighting in the arena now? I bet you'll be really good.
You should see the sword the Outlander has! It makes a real big sound, and smoke comes out of it.
The big guy in the Scholars' Garden talks funny. He sounds like my uncle when he's been drinking.
No, my friend, it is time to bask in the glory of triumph!
You have successfully completed the mission I gave you. As your reward, we will allow you to begin your training as an Inquisitor of the Lotus Assassins.
There is much that still lies ahead, but I think you will do well. Our training regime is difficult. For some, it is even lethal. But you should have the skills to survive.
Report to the fortress at the far end of the Necropolis. The entrance is there, now that you are worthy of finding it. Make certain your affairs are in order before you go.
Have you seen the smoke and fire? My mom is worried that something bad has happened.
Why would anybody set fire to the Emperor's Tomb?
That big man in the Scholars' Garden was yelling and shouting and stamping around like an elephant.
I saw a very funny looking man over in the Scholars' Garden today. My friend says he's an Outlander.
I don't care even if there are ghosts. The Emperor is stronger than all the ghosts put together.
I'm not scared of the Lotus Assassins, but still wouldn't want to talk to one.
The princess is very beautiful. If I was like her then all the girls would like me.
My brother teases me about ghosts all the time. But I don't think there are any.
I bet the ghosts in the Necropolis are the ones who set fire to the tomb.
I saw a big flame shoot up from the Emperor's Tomb. It kinda looked like when my dad cooks dinner.
The Outlander finally stopped yelling and screaming all the time. I bet he got in trouble with his mom.
I didn't really like the Outlander before 'cause he was always screaming.
My cousin yelled too much, and he lost his voice. Maybe that's what happened to the Outlander.
I wonder where that Outlander comes from. He sure does have funny clothes.
I don't know if I should talk to you now that you're friends with the Lotus Assassins.
You aren't going to drag me away are you? My mom says the Lotus Assassins like to drag people away.
My dad says the Lotus Assassins are okay, as long as they don't bother us.
Hey, what's it like being a Lotus Assassin? I bet you get to do lots of fun stuff.
I bet now that you're the arena champion you can have any kind of dessert you like.
My brother and me like to play arena. We pretend we're you and the Ravager fighting for the championship.
I saw the Ravager fight once. He was really good. You must be great!
Hey, you're the new arena champion, aren't you? My brother will be so jealous I got to meet you.
My dad says that he's going to start betting on you now.
My dad said fighting in the arena is only for boys, but I know I could do it.
I wonder if the Ravager is scared now that you've won the Silver round.
I had an uncle who won the Silver round, and he was a great fighter.
You don't look so tough to me. My brother says you have to be real tough to fight in the arena.
My mom thinks the arena is silly. My dad says mom needs to get a hobby.
I like watching the fights at the arena, but only when the good fighters are there.
Is it fun beating up people in the arena? I don't think I'd like that.
The Outlander is always yelling and fussing. I think he needs a nap.
I tried to listen to the Outlander, but I couldn't understand anything he was saying.
Lord Lao Recipe 3
Lord Lao Recipe 4*cod2*
Lord Lao Recipe 5
Lord Lao Recipe 6*cod2*
Lord Lao Recipe 7*cod2*
Lord Lao Recipe 8*cod2*
TEMP: You are instructed to activate the Water Wheel and the Conductor and to begin the cycle with the Dragon button.
Secret Buff. This recipe may not appear. If it does, you are instructed to activate the Water Wheel, the Whirling Cogs, the Cranking Cauldron and the Clapper Chimneys, and to start the process with the Dragon Button.
Activate the Conductor and the Whirling Cogs, and then start the machine with the Dragon button.
Activate the Conductor, the Clapper Chimneys, and the Whirling Cogs, and start the process with the Dragon button.
Activate the Cranking Cauldron and the Whirling Cogs, and then start the machine with the Tiger button.
Activate the Conductor, the Whirlign Cogs, and the Water Wheel, and then start the machine with the Tiger switch.
Activate the Conductor, the Clapper Chimneys, and the Cranking Cauldron, and then start the machine with the Tiger Switch.
Activate the Conductor, the Clapper Chimneys, the Cranking Cauldron, and the Water Wheel, and then start the machine with the Tiger Button.
Cow Bezoar
Eyes of the Void
A bar of nickeled iron
A vial of sulfurous water
Have you seen anyone matching the description? The Lotus Assassins are getting impatient.
I don't know. She is wearing similar clothing... the dark blues. It's not enough to be sure.
I don't know. The shaved head and impressive build are similar. It's not enough to be sure.
I don't know. The long hair, the purple clothing... very similar. It's not enough to be sure.
You are mistaken, peasant. If you are the person we seek, your business is of great concern to us.
I don't like your attitude. I think you are beginning to look more like the person we want.
They were very vague and wouldn't answer my questions. Are they even sure of who they are looking for?
Just question everyone. This person apparently caused a lot of damage in the south.
Here, what about this one? At least it's a man, like they said.
You! Identify yourself!
By order of the Emperor and the Lotus Assassins, state your name and purpose for being in the Imperial City!
We are questioning everyone who has arrived in the city recently. You... bear a resemblance to someone we are looking for.
I don't know. The hair may be similar, as are the wrapped hands and the reddish clothes. It's not enough to be sure.
Hmm... we could hold him anyway. It's not a good match, but the Lotus Assassins would leave us be for a few days while they question him.
Is there a problem here, Captain?
Well? Is there?
N-no, Princess Lian. We were questioning this traveler by order of the Lotus Assassins.
There is no need to pursue this questioning any further. You may go.
My apologies, Princess, but I was ordered to detain anyone even vaguely matching....
Captain, this man is here on a personal matter of mine that does not concern you. Do I make myself clear?
Y-yes, Princess Lian.
Then, unless you wish to be transferred to the Wall, you will leave and continue your search.
I don't know. He is tattooed in a similar way. The clothes could be the same. It's not enough to be sure.
I don't know. The young looks... the tunic is similar as well. It's not enough to be sure.
I don't know. Shaved head, stern features, monk attire. It's not enough to be sure.
My name is *cod7*FullName*cod8*. My business is none of yours.
Back away. I answer to no one.
Of course. I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*, a simple traveler.
Another pathetic gawker here to bask in the glory that is Iron Soldier, the Silver Division champion? What in all the Empire do *you* want?
Questions? I'm going to waste my time on a pathetic dirt kicker like yourself? Not a chance.
What's in this for me?
A magnificent metropolis. With the dam closed, I'm certain it is only a matter of time until Minister Sheng is once again welcomed to its wondrous bosom.
You again? Go beg for someone else's time. I have no reason to talk to mere spectators.
Of course, he'll never do much better, even if more skilled fighters decide to waste their time trying to teach the fool.
Then again, watching Han stumble to Doctor An every time he tries to handle the real Bronze Division fights is one of the most entertaining things about this place.
That doesn't seem very accurate.
Simply speak to them and request a match. The brothers are always eager to test their skills, especially with a new opponent.
Excellent work with the brothers. Now the real challenge begins. Third Brother Renshan will not be an easy opponent.
To Vertical Slice
I'm sure they'd enjoy your curiosity. They're always very keen to know who's asking questions about their order.
Temple of Dirge
I'd like to ask you a few questions
My apologies, great lord. In my haste and worry, I did not realize I addressed one so far above my own humble station. Please forgive me.
Special Weapon Select
Upgrade Select
Start Mission
Available Upgrades
Selected Upgrades
Attack
Power Attack
Switch Style
Movement
Camera
We will not meet again mortal. This forest will need my attention in the months to come, and so I will close the portal in the temple. Farewell, young Spirit Monk.
I want to join the Lotus Assassins.
You could try to kill me. You'd fail, but you could try.
I wish to be part of the true power behind the throne.
Whenever I was in the forest I felt uncomfortable. I think she knows the real reason why.
Lotus Assassin Fortress
Mind and Spirit
You're not part of the arena, and I don't take bets from people who I don't know well.\n
I will tell them you are coming. Show them this seal when you arrive. Be mindful of your manners. Our trainers are not gentle, and they demand respect.
A new beginning. Your life becomes the Lotus Assassins. Death's Hand becomes your guiding spirit. The Emperor is your father above him.
You are like every other simpering peasant that has graced our dungeons. What did any of them contribute to the glory of our age before the Emperor dared to make something of them?
I wish you luck. Perhaps I will see you again. If you survive.
You are a potential recruit for the Executioner, just as you are a potential recruit for me. You still have far to go, but you are at least on your way.
That attitude will make your training more difficult. We lose many applicants because they believe they are something special when they are not. Take heed.
You honor me with this opportunity.
What can I expect when I arrive?
The Executioners have already recruited me.
Good. I'm tired of these foolish errands.
Clay Debris
They... they took Fuyao, my daughter! They took her to the upper levels. I can't leave without her. Please... you have to find Fuyao!
The slave breaker took her. Please don't let him hurt my Fuyao! Please, find my daughter and bring her back to me!
You want a reward? But... I have nothing. The pirates took it all. Can't you help her out of the goodness of your heart?\n
Please, have mercy! She's never hurt anyone. Don't leave her in the hands of these monsters! I'm begging you, please!
Don't worry. I'll find Fuyao for you.
I might help you... if the price is right.
I don't have time to look for your daughter.
You monster! You vile beast! You've turned my daughter into a savage!
Come, Fuyao. Quickly. We must leave this place and all this bloodshed behind us.\n
There are rumors flitting about the city that you seek the attentions of the Executioners. These rumors come from the palace itself, leaving me intrigued.
You are a novice with no standing in the arena. What makes you think you are of any interest to me?
In party
Then you do not need my recommendation. If you seek it anyway, you will have to earn it in the arena, and nowhere else.
I have no instruction to give. If you want to catch my eye you need to show me that your skills are far beyond the norm.
If you were to knock Iron Soldier from his perch as Silver Division champion, I would be impressed.
I will be here if you wish to petition me further, but I don't acknowledge anything less than the best. Return when you are worthy, and no sooner.
Then show it with your skills, not your mouth. Anyone can *talk* about their victories. I need people who let actions speak for them.
You have made a moderate showing in the arena, but that does not explain your brazen nature. What do you think you have to offer?
I have been watching you. Your skills suggested that you were the type of person we were looking for.
Do you think you stand a chance of joining the Lotus Assassins?
No, you are stronger than that. We will train away this timid front and tap a potential that you haven't yet dreamed of.
If you survive, you will join an order unlike any other. We enforce the will of Death's Hand and the Emperor. We guard the treasures of the Empire.
This will be your responsibility. Can you look on silver coins, golden tablets, or prophesied artifacts and think only of duty?
Then we will waste no more time. You are adequate, and I will allow you to begin training. Proceed to our fortress.
It lies at the far side of the burial ground that is the Necropolis, which you may reach through the rich section of the city. Present this token, so that they will know you.
If you survive your training and remain in control of your senses, perhaps you will serve at my side one day.
If these things do not tempt you, think no more of them. I only meant to illustrate the extent of our duties.
That is a strong position to take, and one that we respect. You will have to remember, however, that if we accept you, you will be a mere recruit.
Why come to me when you have already begun to court the Inquisitor? Do you seek the blessing of someone less corrupted?
He... does not follow the same path that I do, but if I were to call his behavior into question, mine would be examined as well. My work must continue unhindered.
Besides, the Inquisitor's attention may have a price, but his recruits are still tested for the skills they need. He is an annoyance, not a weakness.
Now, do you seek my recommendation?
Why have you chosen to come here when you have already earned the favor of the Inquisitor? Do you wish the blessing of someone less corrupted?
You are not yet worthy of my notice. Bronze will catch my eye. Silver will earn my respect.
You have shown some skill, but you are not of interest to me yet. Nothing lower than Silver will earn my respect.
Your victories are impossible for the other fighters to ignore. You are a master of the arena, the ground where Executioners are born.
Perhaps you have potential that you are not even aware of. There may be a role in the Executioners for you after all.
I have been recommended by the Inquisitor.
I would be honored to seek your guidance.
I am the most skilled fighter here.
If you will have me.
[Lie] I would be honored.
You've seen my skill. Just give your recommendation.
Why mention such things to the uninitiated?
If you are worthy of me.
Why don't you expose the corruption of the Inquisitor?
If you like, you can continue to spar with the brothers, or you can go and fight Third Brother.
CHUD
Dog
In this town, it's vital for a businessman to keep tabs on anyone with two coins to rub together. Things haven't been this slow since the Long Drought.
Secret Exit from Fortress
That master of yours keeps things ludicrously stable, while merchants thrive on strife. During the Long Drought, prices rocketed into the sky like fireworks.
I can't say that. He's a wise man who sees to the heart of things. If I were to complain about anything, it's how few students he attracts.
A skilled master could bring a lot of people into this town, but he is very selective about who comes. That's his business, I'm sure, but it affects my business, as well.
I get by. I suppose I shouldn't wish for strife, lest it come knocking on my door.
Of course! Thanks again for your help with those miscreants!
Right you are. Remember to keep an eye out for anyone suspicious.
If you change your mind, I'm still looking for a competent hunter.
Greetings, citizen! Imperial Captain Sen at your service! Are you one of the mercenaries come to help me track down some criminal scum?
I was told that there were some new warriors in town looking for work, though none of them matched your description.
If you are who I'm waiting for, you have some explaining to do!
Come now, you have the look of a warrior about you, and there's nothing common about that.
Admittedly, you don't resemble the ones described to me, but they're several days late. No doubt they'll blame it on the foolish ghost stories.
Criminals with lucrative bounties on their heads.
Now, don't be hasty. Let me make you an offer.
I need help tracking down a pair of criminals. Are you interested in a little well-paying work?
To attain peace, harmony, and balance is to discover true wealth.
To achieve a stronger spirit, you must first make peace with yourself.
True strength comes from harmony. Disharmony with the world will make you weak.
Focusing one's thoughts requires balance. Living without balance weakens the mind.
The teachings of Sagacious Tien are available to anyone.
Do not be fooled by those who would tell you that studying is the key to true enlightenment.
One cannot discover true enlightenment in the world; it comes only from within.
Come and learn about the ways of Sagacious Tien. Free your body, mind, and spirit.
Keep an eye out for a large wild-looking man wearing nothing but a loin cloth.
*I'm* the one who will kill you. Now.
Keep an eye out for a bare-chested wild man with hair covering his back and arms.
Keep an eye out for a strange looking man in priestly robes.
Then you did kill him!
Defeat Jing Woo!
There is a problem with your husband's spirit.
And I'm here to carry out his curse!
Come to think of it, these reports of bandits might be just the thing to revitalize the local economy.
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*Practitioners of Iron Palm throw their entire body into each blow, mixing open-handed strikes with powerful, driving assaults. A low stance ensures that each blow directs momentum from the user's entire body to hit with the force of a sledgehammer. This mixture of power, balance, and brute strength demolishes individual opponents as easily as it scatters groups.
Besides, the bandits didn't do as much to bring people to the store as I hoped, so maybe stability is underrated.
Happily. We don't need to waste time on my gripes when there's silver to be spent.
You should find somewhere safe. There's already scouts here.
Many a bottle of wine finished, many a trip on the river. More bottles than trips, to be honest. Not much more to tell. I'm just a simple man with simple needs.
Falcon
Monkey
While not the fastest or strongest of warriors, the balanced character is the most versatile. The balanced character excels at adapting to exploit her enemies' weaknesses.
Radiant Jen Zi
Why are these demons attacking this place?
I will go speak with the Forest Shadow.
Enter Portal
Soldier
Of course. I may be able to shed some light on the forest for you. I know this area very well, as I often meditate here upon my purpose and philosophy before a hunt.
By all reports, it will be well enough soon. We have you to thank for that.
What can you tell me about the temple where we met?
To unlock the furnaces, you must place the crystal in the temple's central pedestal. Beyond that, you will have to inspect the old records I saw inside the temple.
When I searched the area, I found those strange tracks that lead towards the inn. That is where I would begin my search.
Where should I look for the missing crystal?
Ancient Horse Demon
When will more come?
Ha! You're so desperate for silver that you're threatening old men? That's pitiful. Here, if you're so hard off, take a few silvers.
The forest is closed. None will come, except from Tien's Landing, and that path is closing.
If I must die, then you must finish what you have started! Destroy that beast before she poisons all these lands!
Now... we must go to the throne room. Sun Li will be waiting.
We are free of the curse of the Forest Shadow, all of us! This is a time for celebration!
The green one will starve us with her trees!
I have to wedge the casks of dragon powder under the bridge. The Lotus Assassins are sure to come up that pass any minute. Keep them from this end of the bridge.
Yes. I don't know how, but....
Not this, I don't want to be one of them!
They...ungh...they're capturing people, changing some and eating the rest. By the spirits, you have to help me!
Please, I beg of you!
Er, Kang, old friend, I'd like to borrow a few of your marvelously explosive casks. I have something special in mind for any Assassins who breach our lines.
What? Yes, yes, whatever you want. I have enough on my mind.
Are you sure I shouldn't just charge the main gate? They would not be expecting that.
My fill? I have been *sated* from wine and battle, but never filled.
Chai Ka: We will stand to the last. That is the duty of a Guardian.
It looks like we won't have long to wait. Kang better keep his mind on his task at the bridge, or this will be a short last stand.
Ya Zhen: I don't like these odds, but death is not as final for me as it is for you, so what do I care?
Ha! So we shall! Blood will flow like wine, and then wine will flow like blood! That is *my* Great Wheel of Life.
There's no way to stop... I don't want to turn.... Kill me!
Thank you.
I can't... No! Argh!
You're worse than.... Argh!
But what about the rest of us? Why just send them? Why are we sitting here holding our... Ohhh, I get it. They're coming here, too, aren't they?
Wh... who? The Lotus Assassins? But they'd have to fly to get past the wall, and the winds are too strong.
Hundreds may die in crashes, but a few will get through. Do you really think Death's Hand minds such losses?
If you're too weak to resist them, you deserve whatever happens.
I will hold the area around the temple. Everyone else just stay out of my way.
How do I help you?
I don't have the time to waste on you.
[Kill him.]
I won't kill you, not like this.
I'd rather watch you suffer.
[You have no silver. Leave it as it is.]
[Leave it as it is.]
They will be here soon enough. You will have your fill of battle.
[A statue of a lion stands behind an altar. It is marked as a training aid designed by a previous master of the school. There is a crystal sphere in the lion's paw.]
We'll destroy any who oppose us!
[The altar is less ornate than the statue, and lacks a sense of permanence. Something activates as you approach. The sphere in the lion's paw begins to glow with a blue light.]
[The sphere grows dim.]
[The sphere changes color, taking on an orange hue.]
[Nothing happens.]
[The sphere changes color, becoming purple.]
If small groups could land anywhere, we should spread out.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*A temporary shield that absorbs and inflicts a moderate amount of damage. The Chi cost for Radiant Aura is moderate.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This weapon does a large amount of damage over time. The Chi cost for Firestorm is high.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*These magical projectiles have the uncanny ability to track enemy ships. Each missile uses a very small amount of Chi.
There is still food in the undercaves. We will be fine.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This weapon produces a powerful shockwave that does moderate damage to all nearby enemy ships. The Chi cost for Tremor is moderate.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This powerful weapon releases a blast that will destroy all nearby enemy ships. The Chi cost for Dragon's Wrath is extremely high.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*For a short time your flyer is invisible to your enemies. Enemies and their weapons pass through you. The Chi cost for Mirage is moderate.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*A devastating attack that drains Health from your enemies and transfers it to you. The Chi cost for Consume Spirit is high.
Do not bother me unless you wish to grace my table.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This weapon will do a moderate amount of damage over time. The Chi cost for Cloudburst is small.
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This will cause all of your enemies to slow down time for a brief period. The Chi cost for Reverse Tides is moderate.
For this battle, Sung Bo enters alone! His speed is unmatched!
The towering strength of Sung Bu crashes upon the ring!
That racket is distracting me from the cries of my enemies. Sky better have a good reason for ringing that bell.
Hahaha! Come to my axes! All of you!
The master of mysticism is the last to enter this epic confrontation.
Eat! This food will make you healthy and fat.
Teahouse Rowdy
Well, you came to the right place. That's just about all we've got here now: airships! Not like back in my day.
I got nothing against the kid, but dropping the cannon is the easiest way to wipe out everyone on the pier. Tough break for the kid, but much easier for you.
I can't believe Sheng is head of the Ministry of Harmony! What's the world coming to?
Poor Sheng. I almost feel bad for him. Almost.
Minister Sheng hasn't slept in two days. I guess he doesn't trust us.
Judge Fang hired us to keep an eye on the Ministers coming in to make their reports.
Sheng's pretty protective of that honor gift. Must have cost him a fortune.
Sounds like fun to me. Might piss the Inquisitor off, though.
There's no need! Maybe Sheng can suggest a solution that would work better for the Inquisitor.
Minister Sheng hasn't slept in two days. He would like nothing more than to leave this honor gift in the care of a trusted associate while he gets some much needed rest.
Unfortunately, I don't know if you are the most reliable individual. You removed the pirates who troubled Tien's Landing, but you never closed the Great Dam for me.
[Success] Well, Minister Sheng believes in second chances... I only hope Judge Fang does, too. Very well, I'll give you the honor of guarding my treasure.
[Success] Minister Sheng is very tired... and Judge Fang is difficult to deal with even at the best of times. Very well, I will give you the honor of guarding my treasure!
[Failure] Your offer is tempting, but I must decline. I have too much at stake. Minister Sheng will keep watch over the honor gift himself.
Please, Minister Sheng is in no mood to speak. I have heard Judge Fang has resigned, but now I live in terror at the thought of who his replacement might be.
I don't know what's going on over in the Necropolis, and I don't want to know.
I say, stick to traditional soldiers. Sagacious Tien needed no machines to build the Empire!
While you were fighting, Soldier asked to talk with you privately in the creature cages before your next fight.
He is arrogant, but equally obstinatious. He made it clear that he would not step into the ring until you spoke with him.
Soldier is a worthy opponent. I hope you understand how many warriors have tried to extrapolate him from the Silver Division championship. Be proud.
From here, your battles will be even harder. A test, if you will, to see if you stand a chance against the Ravager.
Impress the crowd and you will have your chance against the Ravager himself. I can promise you that.
Surely this was enough! I know the crowd loved that show, but there's no way I can offer you extra just because of that. All your fights are impressive!
[Success] You drive a hard bargain. Here, something extra for your troubles. I can't argue that the crowds love your battles.
[Success] Come to think of it, he wouldn't even have asked as nicely. Take this, and consider it a gift to celebrate your rapid rise.
[Failure] I know you feel like a rising star, but your rewards are fixed. You'll find that the Gold Division battles sate your purse's hunger.
Legends say that the Phoenix Unity style was banned from tournaments because it was unbeatable, but I've never put much stock in legends.
Three opponents at once, all of them exceptionally skilled. I thought no one could impasse them, but you have!
Soldier seems desperate to speak with you.
Defeating their combinated might has impressed the crowd immensely.
You pull in the egregious crowds, it's true, but I can't just break the rules and give you extra silver!
[Success] The crowds do call for your fights above all others. I suppose that's worth something.
[Failure] For one thousand years the best fighters in the Empire have graced this place.
[Success] This is an unusual situation, is it not? I suppose that since the rules are so bent as to be unrecognizable, you may as well have this extra purse.
[Failure] I am still accountable for my prizes. The winnings at this level are more than generous enough.
A good idea. Third Brother is a tough opponent. It's best to be fully prepared before you meet him in the ring.
You have just emerged the victor from a multitudinous concretion of raw fighting talent! Amazing.
The crowd loves you, and you have proven yourself enough in my eyes. No other fighter stands a chance against the Ravager.
But you must think of your safety. The Ravager strikes with such power that even the wards of this arena may not be enough to save you.
I do not believe in outdated prohabitations. As you may see, this style is not *cod6*fair*cod6* for single combat, but it is a fair test of a master warrior's abilities.
You will be a man alone against a rushing wave of opponents, great and small.
This has all gone horribly wrong! I have had a dead, retired ex-fighter in a mask for a champion all this time!
Do you know how many rules and regulations that breaks? It's a mockery of the entire arena, and Kai Lan and his thugs are to blame!
Are you going to take that from her?
But you... you can stop him. I need you to see this through to the end. I need that man stopped before he destroys a thousand years of tradification!
I know it's anti-climactic, but you did earn it. Congratulations, champion.
Would we have expected anything less, though?
You will be one woman against a rushing tide of foes.
You must stand against them all, and when you do, your right to challenge the Ravager will be indisputable.
Time to take you down a peg.
I think it's going to be a fun challenge. You might even survive if you pace yourself.
The concept is simple enough.
If you can defeat your foe with exceptious alacricity, then you have a moment to collect yourself. If you tarry, then you will be swamped.
You will be facing all the champions you have dealt with already, and more.
Han's tougher than he emulates, isn't he? When you're ready to try him again, I'm sure he'll be happy to help.
There's no reason you should have lost that fight. I'll set it up again when you're ready.
I thought you would be able to tackle that beast. Perhaps I expected the impossible.
Possible or not, it was expected. Kai Lan is most displeased with your fighter's inabilities.
If you had let me tell our rising star here what they'd be facing, things would have gone differently!
The Serpent feels that this one has abilities far greater than your bronze trash. The fight *was* possible, foreknowledge or not.
Is that so? One loss was not enough to teach you about humility?
You have failed to defeat your foe. Were things done in the ancient ways, you would be dead.
Were that the case, I would ensure that you did not live out the night. That would be most unprofitable for us both.
I suggest that you face this demon again. We will make it part of the schedule. You win, you move on. You lose, you don't.
Good. When you are ready, speak with Qui. I'm sure he'll be happy to send you into battle.
Then your career stops here, in the easily tarnished and casually discarded Bronze Division. If you are comfortable with that, simply stop asking for fights.
When you come to your senses, talk to Qui.
Khana's blade is deadly, is it not? When you wish to challenge her for the Bronze Division championship, simply tell me. I will give you another attempt.
Expect things to be much harder here than they were in the qualifiers. No amateurs to face this time.
That was quite a match. I've never seen Third Brother Renshan fight that well, and yet you still beat him.
He proved the stronger this time, but I believe you will dislodge Soldier in time.
Simply ask when you're ready to try that match again. The fans seem to really take to you, win or lose.
Maybe there is something to the Sung brothers' magicism. They certainly managed to defeat you. If you want to face them again, I'm sure it would be a welcome challenge.
There are no easy tasks before you in the Gold Division. When you are ready, I'll prepare that match again.
Your loss aside, that was an amazing match. The crowd's clamoring for more, and they want you front and center! We'll try it again, when you're ready.
A loss is a loss, but it's nothing we can't get past. We'll tell them it was all for show.
Many, many people try to break into the Bronze Division and fail miserably. You should be proud of yourself.
Crimson Khana is the champion of this round. You'll have to face her eventually. Be ready when you do.
The Bronze Division champion approaches. I hope you're ready for the challenge awaiting you in the Silver Division.
Remember, Soldier's the champion at this level. He'll be watching you.
The newest Silver champion has arrived. You are truly in the inner workings of the arena now, my friend.\n
Listen, I have been thinking. If you'd like to know more about how things truly work, I'd be happy to explain some of the details of the Guild.\n
Regardless, I would be careful. Some Lotus Assassins have been asking about you. They may try to recruit you.
No doubt many of his years have been worse than death. Once you are truly indoctrinated, you will know the hunger to serve that such loyalty brings.
Enough words of wisdom from me. You can take care of yourself, I'm sure.
You know the Ravager is next. If you're ready, well....
My friend said she heard fighting by the Emperor's Tomb earlier. I fear there will be trouble.
Champion, it has been an honor to adjudicate and facilitate your rise to the top.
Should anyone appear to challenge you, I will let you know, but until then rest yourself. You've earned it!
[Failure] You mean, so weak is your resolve. Bah, I tire of this game of veiled intent. We blush like children for your amusement.
All the heavens smile upon us when the champion returns to our arena. In this moment, all is as it should be.
What can this humble promoter do for the greatest fighter in the Empire?
I want to hear that you're ready for your next fight.
What do you need?
Are you ready to get started?
Get over here, Silver champion. We have something to discuss.
Shen has told you that the corpse of the Elder Tanner Fong has risen from its grave and wandered off, returning to his home. His son, who inherited the home, is none too pleased. He wants a refund or the corpse gone, and Shen doesn't like refunds.
The Tanners Fong
I have left you without my guidance for far too long, Abbot Song. But I could not speak with you; my strength was consumed contacting the last of the order.
You are the last. There is no one else that can do what you are destined to do. I had to conserve and prepare. I did not know the exact day you would cross to this realm.
Excellent. Follow me and we'll get you ready for your next match.
Now that the Outlander has been defeated, the Scholars' Garden is one again a place of peace.
If that's the decision you want to make, it's your profanation. You just let me know when you've changed your mind.
For your first match, we'll start you off against a mighty ogre. I'll be watching your style closely to see how you fare. Impress me and I'll take you to the top.
Even our great champions start out against the ogre. Take Raging Ox, who danced around the beast singing drunkenly to earn the crowd's favor, or the Ravager, who defeated him in a single blow.
You didn't want to hear my quick lesson on how the arena works last time we talked. Changed your mind at all?
We are not as backwards as the Outlander thinks. Surely he knows that now.
I've already explained how things work around here. Do you need me to go over it again?
I should take a moment and explain the system we use here.
I like to keep things simple and organized. Any other way, and things get more convultated than the Celestial Court on the Emperor's birthday.
When you're ready for your match, ask me about it, and I'll give you a quick summary of your opponent. I'll be setting up your matches, of course.
His name is not spoken to the acolytes. You must understand that to oppose Death's Hand is to lose all connection to your masters. Even if you live, you do not exist.
Perhaps the Outlander will treat new cultures differently now that he's had a taste of humility.
Various enchantments woven in this place keep the fights from being deadly, but they're no less real. You'll feel the pain if you don't keep your defense up.
Ah, at last. Peace and tranquility have returned to the Scholars' Garden.
Perhaps we should change the subject.
Sounds like you're trying to compensate for something. Did your father dress you as a boy when you were little?
That's the spirit, dive right in with both feet first! It's not that difficult a system, and you seem bright enough to figure it out.
Since you held your own against the ogre brute last time, I'm going to try something exciting for the crowd.
I've got four boys from some school west of the city who've been bothering me for some tougher matches. I'm giving you all of them at once.
It'll wow the crowd and teach them a lesson at the same time. Remember to watch your sides and back.
The crowd's starting to catch on to you, have you noticed? People like you, and now I'm going to make sure they pay attention.
I'm going to have a roughly hewn statue hauled into the ring. I want you to discomtructulate it. Destroy the statue quickly enough, and I'll give you a shot at Hapless Han.
I think you're ready to face Hapless Han. Show me you're ready for the big time, and I'll make sure you don't have to dance with the children anymore.
Now that you have qualified for the Bronze Division, your challenges will be more difficult, but you'll earn greater rewards.
I want the very abacuses of heaven to rattle with the name Raging Dragon, so I've prepared something memorable.
The stars themselves need to hear of Silver Phoenix if you're to make it in this division, so I've prepared a match to remember.
I want people to remember Tiger Lifts the Mountain, so I've crafted a suitably memorable challenge for your introduction to the division.
The guards rounded up a group of sub-human... things around the Great Southern Forest. Were going to release them into the ring in groups for you.
Next you're going to step into what we call the Pit of Pain. It's not the most original name, I'll admit, but that's five hundred years of tradition for you.
Those Lotus Assassins are the... ah, best group of people ever. The best. Bye now.
Please, I don't know anything. Just let me be.
Exactly how many long, lonely nights with only a sword as company would it take to understand your philosophy?
As you know, the demon awaits you. You'll have to face him to proceed.
Ah, yes... your next fight. There's... been a bit of a change in plans. Not that it will affect you too much, of course. It's all part of the traditions of the arena, you see.
I have word that you're going to be facing a fighter specially chosen from the Guild, you see. As soon as you're ready, you'll be facing him instead of a normal match.
I was originally thinking that you'd done well enough to face Crimson Khana for the Bronze Division championship. Things change when the Guild is involved, though.
The Guild's the organization that controls the betting here. That's not all, though; Kai Lan the Serpent has a lot of influence here, as well.
I have nothing against the Lotus Assassins. If the Emperor likes them, then so do I.
Hey, didn't I see you speaking with the Lotus Assass--um, never mind.
I can't believe that the Ravager was actually Raging Ox. That's just so strange.
I do not approve of the fighting, but it *is* exciting to meet an arena champion in person.
When he grows up, my son wants to be the arena champion, just like you.
My husband won a great deal of silver betting on you in the arena championship!
I have to bow to certain pressures. I don't like it that much, but smart men don't voice that opinion too loudly. Not around here....
Town of Two Rivers
[Charm] This is my chance to make it up to you.
[Intuition] You can't meet Fang without getting some sleep.
Where can I find Fang again?
Any suggestions how I can get rid of Fang?
That should give us all some time to think.
She's dangerous like these ghosts. We're all afraid of her.
See the keeper if you wish to talk.
The tales say this man once stormed an entire fortress alone, naked, and screaming his defiance into the night.
Ha! Scared the tar out of those border guards! But they botched the story; I was naked, screaming, *and* I was dead drunk.\n
Wouldn't you like to know, missy! Let's just say it's the only part that matters!
Pretty much the part you'd expect. Makes 'em curl up in shame, if you take my meaning.
We didn't exactly fight to the death, did we? Besides, I'm not nearly drunk enough to be at the top of my game. There's nothing to drink in this blasted forest.
Minister Sheng's Sword
If we did, would I be here?
Find the Outlander
Which part of your naked, drunk, and screaming attack works best?
You didn't seem all that skilled to me.
This long sword is the prized weapon of Minister Sheng, the local representative of the Ministry of Harmony. Known for its careful balance between speed and power, the long sword is a favored weapon among those who desire a deadly blade without the ponderous weight of an axe. The swirling motions of the Long Sword style make it great at dispatching groups of enemies and discouraging your foe's allies from getting too close.\n
Bandit Swamp
His money and valuables are meaningless to me. His work, however... that I will take myself.
The dam is closed, and the pirates are gone! Thanks to you, we can start rebuilding our lives.
It certainly didn't look easy from where I was standing, but nevertheless, you did beat him.
I suspected something was amiss. But you overcame it, and you still won.
Now is not a good time to speak with me. You may try my brother, Bo.
If you wish to speak to one of us, Bo will be the most amenable.
I shouldn't talk too much. Talk to Brother Bo instead.
You're nice, but I think you should talk to Bo, not me.
If you want to talk, Brother Bo is better at it than I am.
Master Radiant was sure you would prevail, he asked me to bring you to him once you defeated Third Brother. You won't have to test yourself against me after all.
Come, let's go see him. He is anxious to speak with you.
Excuse me... out of my way. I've got to get these buns to the Scholars' Garden quick, quick. Now move.
I'm very sorry. Please accept my heartfelt apologies. My husband has the manners of a strutting cock sometimes.
Hmm. I seem to recall you rather enjoyed my, ah... strutting at one time, old woman.\n
Shush now. You'll offend the gods of decency. This poor traveler's likely to think the Imperial City is full of indecent folk and offensive talk.
Now then, after all the trouble we've caused you, is there anything we can help you with? We've got fresh buns. Just made them myself.
Bah! Talk, talk, talk... that's all people want to do. I don't get paid to talk... I sell buns, that's what I do.
My yapping... rrgh. You're fortunate my wife is here, or I'd show you a thing or two!
Don't bother, husband. This ruffian isn't worth your time and effort. Let's be on our way. We have more important things to tend to.
I have nothing more to say to you. Good day.
Do you mind if I ask you two some questions?
Who are you two? What are you doing here?
Tell me what you know about Death's Hand.
I am searching for Master Li. Have you heard of him?
I need some answers, but I don't need all this banter.
I'd buy a bun if I could cram it down your yapping maw!
No, I can't actually. The Serpent, who is the Guild's chief agent in this place, has specifically requested you.
I'm certain it will be a small thing. Best to just finish it now.
A noble and ultimately meaningless sediment, my friend. Regardless of what you wish, I have to give in to certain pressures, and you will go no further than this match if your pride is so offended.
I'm sorry. Until you speak with Lucky Cho, as he requested, I'm permanently reluctant to send you into the ring.
Until the Guild stepped in, I was ready to give you an attempt at the Bronze Division for your last match. Now it's time.
Are you ready to face Crimson Khana, the finest sword this august arena has seen in five genritations?
Now that you are champion of the Bronze Division, the Silver Division awaits. It seems that, indirectly, the Serpent has decided to keep your career interesting.
A demon has been added to the regular roster since your earlier victory, and since you've shown aptitude, I'm letting you face him first.
This is indeed an honor, though it will not be easy. Are you ready to defeat this horror?
I'm afraid that until you talk with the Serpent, I can't let you go out there and face anyone. He was... quite incessant. Go talk to him first.
Doing well in the arena can draw unwanted attention.
This next fight should be fairly simple for you. I once more want to send you up against four opponents. The crowd loves those fights.
These are tougher than the students you faced before, but should pose no problem.
We've had a request from the Imperial Army. They want one of our best to help them test out a small group of war machines known as golems.
I've decided to put you up against them. I want you to prove that our folks are superior to any *cod6*thing*cod6* the army could devise.
Are you ready to show them what you've got?
One of the reasons you're become such a crowd favorite is because you're willing to fight in the more extravagatastic battles. I want to really drive that point home.
Your going to participate in a timed fight. I've rounded up a lot of the hopefuls, and I need you to eliminate ten of them in three minutes. It won't be easy, but if anyone can do it, you can.
Show me you can handle this, and I'll give you a shot at Soldier and the Silver Division championship. Are you ready to show them what you've got?
I rushed out notification of this match, and we've had the outcriers shouting themselves hoarse. I hear many nobles will even be in attendance.
It's rare that the Silver Division rests balanced against a single victory on the scales of combat, you know!
You have certainly done better in the arena than I would have guessed. Good luck in your future fights.
There you are. Master Radiant has gone, and I am left to lead this school on my own. I'll miss him very much, but at least we are rid of Smiling Hawk.
I wanted to thank you for all you've done, but I also wanted to show you some items that belonged to Master Smiling Hawk. I thought you might find something of interest.
Customize Character Abilities
Yes, yes... more questions. Are you sure I couldn't interest you in a bun? They're nice and fresh... or at least, they were when we started talking.
Death's Hand! Now there's a name you don't hear often. I'm just a simple bun-seller, but even I know enough to be careful who I utter that name around.
For once we agree, husband. Death's Hand is a walking nightmare. It is said that if you see him coming, then it's already too late.\n
But enough of wives' tales. Just be careful who you mention that name to, unless you wish to draw bad attention to yourself.
If he hasn't bought a bun from me, I likely don't know him. Come to think of it, if he hasn't bought a bun from me, I don't *want* to know him!
Junda, you withered old coconut, what's your problem? There's more to life than selling these buns you know.
I'm sorry to say I haven't heard of your friend either, and I'm not sure what you mean by *cod6*master.*cod6* Try the Scholars' Garden. The people there might know your friend.
Go then. I have buns to sell, and it doesn't look like you're buying.
Don't mind him. He just takes a while to get used to. Much like an ache in the bones, if it lasts long enough. Eventually you learn to ignore it. Good day to you.
Did you hear that, Lina? I think we were just told to keep it short. Perhaps I'll keep it short and say goodbye!
Now, now, Junda. It's nothing worse than you've already said yourself. Not everyone is as tolerant of your ramblings as I am.
Go on then. Ask your questions, and we'll try to answer them as quickly as possible.
You again. We have nothing to say to you. Move along. I have buns to sell.
Junda! Who are you berating now? Oh, it's you. We have no time for the likes of you!
I hear you're the new arena champion. I'd like to think my buns gave you strength and helped you win... but I don't think you ever bought one, did you?
The Dragon of Storms
So, you've thrown your lot in with those damn Assassins. I don't sell buns to them or their friends.
Junda! Don't go judging our potential customers, especially based on rumors. Besides, I saw you selling buns to an Assassin just the other day.
That was different. He looked like he might... cause some trouble if I didn't offer him something. So... you buying any buns then?
The human comes out of the air and smells of blood!
All is perfect! The Mother is free, the caves in the back are open, and this one will feed us tonight!
Then you are strong. Strong enough that we will grow even more powerful when we consume you!
There's a terrible commotion over at the Lotus Assassin fortress. You wouldn't have anything to do with that now would you?
Junda! You know better than to pry into our customers' affairs. It's none of our business.
Junda thinks he's a grand inquisitor sometimes. He's really just a nosey old man. Can I get you some fresh buns today? I just made them.
With the Mother free, we are stronger than ever!
[Success] You are strong, but there are many of us in the caves below! You would not dare follow.
Quickly, we flee!
[Failure] You are a pathetic thin-blood! We will clean our teeth with your entrails!
*I* freed the Mother by killing the Forest Shadow!
Come and defeat me if you can, beasts.
[Intimidation] I killed the Keeper, and I'll do the same to you unless you run... now!
Get your buns here. Fresh buns, just made this morning.
Hot buns, fresh from the oven. Come and get them while they last.
Ha! No time to talk he says! The only time *you're* ever quiet is when you're eating one of my buns... now be polite and answer some questions.
We're members of the local traveling circus. I'm a fire eater, and Lina is a juggler. We just sell buns on the side to make a little extra silver.
Junda! Could you try to be civil just this once?
This buffoon of a man is Junda, and I am Lina, his wife... as he is fond of reminding me. We sell buns here in the city. Well, I bake, and he sells.
There is much to tell about the city, but we do need to sell the buns while they're fresh. Perhaps you could be more specific.
Why don't you go and check out the Imperial Arena. It's a prosperous place to sell buns, especially before a big fight.
You and those fights... I can't stand watching them. I prefer to take walks by the Wall or just gaze at the magnificent palace.
What's to tell? Fighters fight, spectators watch, gamblers gamble... it's just like any other arena. Except the level of competition is very high here.
I'd talk to Qui the Promoter if you really want to know more about the arena. He talks more than you do, but at least he buys my buns.
It's busy, but it's a good place to get information and meet people. Best wine in the Empire, too.
How would you know, you lazy lout? You've never been outside the city in your life! Best in the Empire... ha! Probably the only wine you've ever had.
The Wall is magnificent... it just keeps growing. Though I pity the criminals who are forced to work there. Very few ever return.
The palace is truly one of our greatest treasures. The heavens have indeed blessed our Empire greatly to give to us such a beautiful edifice.
Bah! It's unnatural I say. Just floating up in the air. Emperor or no, it's not right to live in a place that just... floats like that.
What did you want to know?
Well, this district is called the Market District. This is where most of the buying and selling happens. Most of the lower classes live and work here.
And die here, too! Not like those nobles and wealthy merchants over in the Golden Way or in the Scholars' Garden. Born into a life of luxury... ha, must be nice.
Yes dear. Life has been cruel hasn't it? Good work, a wonderful family, and many friends... poor Junda. Next you'll blame the nobles for your backaches, too.
Through Sun Li's cunning, the armies of the Emperor laid siege to the gates of Dirge. They came to seize the Water Dragon's power and her life-giving waters.
Could I go back to my original questions?
Being an argument on the origins of Focus.*cod2**cod2*Min Shi the Dragon of Storms was a master who lived hundreds of years before the formation of the Jade Empire. Legends of her exploits could fill a library, and while the veracity of such fables must be questioned, all the yarns agree that she formalized the teachings of the Storm Dragon style and brought knowledge of true focus to the martial arts. *cod2**cod2*Debates still rage on the subject, but the evidence is there to support such claims. Take, for instance, that harmonic combinations initiated by Storm Dragon invariably allow the user to collect his thoughts and steal some of his opponent's focus essence. Such a synergy is hard to dismiss, and when I questioned Jian the Iron Fist, a master of some renown, he replied, *cod6*Only a fool denies legends. They always hold a grain of truth.*cod6* Jian speaks wisely; would it be so hard to accept that Storm Dragon was developed to make it easier for its adepts to achieve true focus in battle? This author thinks not.
Tell me about the key landmarks in the city.
What can you tell me about the arena?
Tell me more about the tavern.
I'd like to know more about the Wall and the palace.
I want to ask you something else about the city.
I'd like to know more about the various districts.
Hello there. Our buns are nice and fresh. I just took them out of the oven.
Talk to Junda if you'd like to buy some buns.
I expect bad attitudes from Junda, but I don't need it from you as well.
Ah, there you are, my student. Your bout with Jing Woo had a surprising end. I hope I have not caused you to grow complacent in practice bouts.
You came here an orphan and became my greatest pupil, but have I done enough? Second chances at victory are very rare. Have you given thought to your future?
Very well, Master.
You have *cod4* Style points to spend to upgrade your fighting styles.
Honren
Ren Feng
You're welcome to visit the school and spar with us whenever you like. The students need someone like you to knock some sense into them from time to time.
How is that possible? The Inquisitors are master spies themselves! How would you avoid notice?
To the City
And I should get back to the students. There is so much I need to do. I barely know where to begin. Thank you again for everything.
Lu the Prodigy
Custom Character
Starting Styles
You have come under the attention of Lucky Cho, who wishes to speak with you before you face Crimson Khana for the Bronze Division championship.
A Bronzed Opportunity
Qui has informed you that Soldier will not face you until you speak with him in private.\n
Soldier's Offer
Improvised Spear
Citizen! I heard about your encounter with Aishi the Mournful Blade. She was as deadly as she was rotten. Here, I collected the bounty for you.
Some *fantasy* from her childhood, was it? We should settle your bounty. Because of your discretion, I will award you this additional purse from my own funds.
Hm... a little cold-blooded, aren't you?
But business is business. If they aren't living anymore, I bury them.
Here's the reward for your work. Don't spend it all in one place.
It seems the play was a success, but I have heard nothing of its deep meaning, the message it was meant to convey.
So disappointing, but that's what I get for trusting an amateur! Ah well, at least it wasn't that mockery of a revision that was read.
Would you turn your back on this crowd? No, I'm not about to let them get up to their tricks.
Here, take this. You've earned it, if only just. Farewell.
Elder Tanner Fong is dead for good, now.
I'll leave you to it, then.
That was a curious interpretation of your role. It lacked some of the punch we've come to expect from the great lady. Ah well, what's done is done.
Your performance was a mockery of all things good and decent! *cod6*He was tired of winning all the time?*cod6* Where in all the Empire did that tripe come from?
How could you have botched such a well-known piece of history? Do you know nothing of our glorious past?
Betting? Did I say something about betting? Age must be assailing my mind, for I know nothing of betting here. Slip of the tongue.
Did I say *cod6*bets?*cod6* I must have meant, *cod6*very expensive pets.*cod6* Small exotic dogs, trained pandas, that sort of thing.
As you say. I certainly should. Now, drink?
What's so vital that you can't look around once in a while?
Who do I see if I want to bet?
Ah ha! I've got you! You just admitted to knowing about the betting in this place!
Aren't you the owner? Shouldn't you know?
Improvised Dual Small
Chunks of Wood
Improvised Dual Large
Hams
I spent my life as a pirate, and look where it got me. Now I'm barely above the slaves. If you see Gao, give him a kick for me... even if he's already dead!
Is there something else you need? I'm too old to fight, but I'll do whatever I can to help you against Gao and the Lotus Assassins.
Gao the Greater, as he calls himself, is the leader of the Guild, a powerful crime syndicate. They never used to bother with us, until Gao came to power.
Gao himself came and took over our operations. He began building the flyers, and he made slaving our main activity. My own men turned on me. Now they treat me like a dog!
A few months later, the Lotus Assassins showed up. Gao must have some kind of deal worked out with them. Whatever they're up to. it must be something big.
Back in my day, a pirate ship stayed on the water, where it belonged! Now they've got some kind of factory up on the top floor where they build those blasted airships.
There's something suspicious about those airships. Sure, the pirates use them, but I think that's just a cover so the Lotus Assassins can come and go as they please.\n
What do you know about the airships?
Lotus Assassins?
You decided against participating in Incisive Chorus' play. Someone else will likely fill in the part, but Chorus' original version will likely never be read in the Imperial City.
Spirit Font
Defeat multiple opponents at a time. Switch from hard-hitting punches to paralyzing nerve strikes by changing combat styles in an instant.
But you, Raging Dragon, are what truly draws them in! Once in a lifetime does a single person throw the grand institution of the arena into such disarray!
That's nothing compared to the skills of Silver Phoenix, who has soared so high, so quickly! Words like those spread like raging flames.
What really catches the crowd, though, is the story of Tiger Lifts the Mountain. They come to see the noble warrior who strides up the rankings like the heroes of legend!
Will you face Soldier now? The Silver Division championship awaits you.
The Gold Division is the toughest series of fights in the Empire. Ultimately, you can think of it as a test to see if you're ready to face the Ravager.
Your first match will be a rare challenge. There is a style that was banned from the tournament combat five centuries ago. You will face the Phoenix Unity style.
I was going to do something different, but I've had a request from the Sung brothers. They said that there has been, ah... an affluence of the fates and a... a remergence of the planets.
I'm not quite sure what that means, but if they want to face you, then I have to honor their request. Besides, defeating them is important to your career.
I require that any fighter who wishes to face the Ravager be able to defeat all three of the Sung brothers. Then I know you won't be torn to shreds.
Well, at least not before the gong stops ringing, at any rate. The brothers are ready if you are.
I want to give you a shot at the championship. I really do. I need to convince... others, though.
I'm going to hold an event so huge that it will rock the reaches of the Empire: the Imperial Engagement. The arena turns upon you.
Master Li used to say that the arena was once the greatest contest in the Empire but that it has been corrupted in recent years.
The fighters here are skilled, but you would fare better than many of them. I hear the winnings are lucrative, as well.
The Lotus Assassins watch this place like vultures circling a sick buffalo. They recruit new talent from among the best fighters.
If you join this place, you'll want to avoid attracting their attention.
Are you ready for me to finish the arrangements? If so, we'll get everyone set up.
As I told you before, you're going to have to emerge victorious from the Imperial Engagement before I can give you that opportunity.
I will guard the gate, but you need to get down there and stop them!
This place can chew you up and spit you out... or so I'm told. The drinks are the best in the Empire, though!
This place houses the finest competition in the Empire. If you wish to hone your skills, you will find few challenges more worthy.
These are truly tremultuous times for this institution. Kai Lan is waiting. He is ready when you are.
Your friend is ready to fight. When he was here before, he was always ready. Tell him to be careful, Kai Lan is not easily defeated.
Han isn't a champion, exactly, but he's solid enough that all fighters must beat him before they can leave the qualifiers.
I like Hapless Han, personally. He never quits trying. Reminds me of a young me trying to clamor my way up from the streets. He'll go far, you rest assured.
Khana's a bit of a mystery to me. Keeps not a coin of her winnings, but is unbeaten. She's in this purely for the challenge, I think.
If you face her, you'll find that her swordsmanship is deadly. Khana's studied techniques only found in the Prosperous East, the provinces she calls home.
Soldier is a worthy opponent. I hope you understand how many warriors have tried to extrapolate him from the Silver Division championship.
He'll be watching you, so expect him to anticipate your style if you face him.
The real champion is the Ravager, but the Sung brothers are your first hurdle. Who were you curious about?
The crowd loves to hate him. He's vicious, he never talks, and he has no interest in the fans, but when he fights he's unstoppable.
Right now, almost no one will face him, so it's rare that the Ravager steps into the ring. It's for the better I think. He tends to cripple people, despite the protective magic of this place.
They're an odd triptuplet if you ask me. They were three of the best individual fighters to participate in the arena, but things changed after they fought together against the Ravager and lost.
They're sort of a buffer: If the three of them together couldn't match the Ravager, only someone who can face all three will stand a chance against him.
It cuts down on the number of injuries at the Ravager's hands. If you want to know more about them, you can ask the brothers themselves.
The only person left to face is the Ravager. Defeat him and the championship is yours. What more is there to say?
Recruiters hover around this place, I'll admit. Nothing anyone can do about that. If they haven't approached you yet, they will.
The Executioners always recruit from the top arena talent; we lose a lot of rising stars to their order, but... I'm sure they're provided for.
Take my advice, though: Don't bind yourself to their mill wheel. It can lead to no good. I didn't give you that advice though, and I'd rather not talk about them any further.
Don't pester me about them, I'm sure they will approach you soon enough.
Recruiters? Well, yes, recruiters are occasionally interested in the talent here at the arena, but it's nothing to concern yourself over.
They are merely observing. Obey the laws of the Empire and the assassins will leave you alone.
You know all about him by now, don't you? Ex-champion, magician of great prestidigitation, and the man behind everything wrong with this place.
It was simple enough for him. There's always been an affiliation of criminals known as the Guild in this city.
Kai Lan's skills as a magician and his huge prize winnings allowed him to work his way high in their ranks. Now there's something of a... gap at the top.
No one really knows. He didn't seem to have them when he was in the arena, but there was a period after his retirement when he vanished like the dying strains of a song.
By that, I mean you would think you had heard of him, but could never be sure. Then suddenly he returned and just... stepped into control of the arena.
There are rumors that he might have gone off to join the Lotus Assassins, but no one's really sure. It might explain his newfound skills, though.
Me? I'm just a simple promoter. If the Guild tightens their hold, I simply make do. I don't necessarily want to help them, but I know the price of resisting them.
I'm not like you. I can't defend myself in the same way.
Always nice to move on to other subjects, I assure you.
Kai Lan is truly in charge of this place because of his association with the Guild. If he gets things his way, he'll seize control of the whole Guild before long.
It's nothing to concern yourself with. If anything comes up with the Guild or the Serpent, I will negotiate and delibertate with them, not you.
More than I'd care to. I strongly suspect that Lucky Cho's disappearance was no coincidence.
I wondered when things would come to a head. I was hoping Black Whirlwind would just stay away, but he won't, will he? Not while you're here.
No, no! Not lying. Sure, I had some suspicions, but I have no proof.
I wondered. It seemed too convenient that he'd one day just suddenly leave and never return, with only a letter to tell us he was going.
The last thing he needs is accusations of murder. He's already filled a dozen scrolls with records of public drunkenness, crimes against decency, and violence.
Now, let's not speak of this again. If you must speak of it, talk to your friend directly.
Talk to your friend if you must know about Raging Ox. Leave me out of it.
Your large friend there was once a competitor here, so I know him in passing, you might say.
This is his business, though. Why not ask him? I'm sure he'll tell you whatever he deems appropriate.
I'll have to revise my stories of this place to include your rise to champion. It was for the better, but you unsettled a great many things here.
I'm always happy to share some history with this arena's greatest fighters. Would you like to hear some of the tales?
The first thing to know is that this arena was founded under the auspices of Sagacious Tien himself. The Emperor's blessings rest upon this place as the one true test of martial skill in the Empire.
Interestingly, while we call it *cod6*the arena*cod6* commonly, its full name is *cod6*The Trials of the Seven Gladiatorial Schools of Beneficent Light.*cod6*
A bound volume of the finest parchment contains the arena's rules. This tome holds over three thousand rulings, the first dating back to the birth of the arena.
Besides the name being unwieldable by the tongue? Largely due to inaccuracy. There are far more than seven schools recognized across the Empire now.
Further, the Order of Beneficent Light disbanded hundreds of years ago. They are no longer the governing body of martial education, so these are not their trials anymore.
Still, we hold on to the name as a reminder of the glory days.
Many emperors have graced this place with their presence from a secure private viewing room.
When he was younger, Emperor Sun was a regular attendant, but I'm sure the years have stolen away the time he once made for us.
No one knows them as well as I do, and that's likely for the better. Technically, we're supposed to lead a donkey around the fighting surface before each match.
I consider that to be one of the traditions best... overlooked.\n
Enough asses wander the streets around this building these days that I expect my predecessors' spirits will be satisfied.
I must say, I'm disappointed! You're ready to start your career, but you walk away. Insuspicious beginnings, my friend.
Be sure to return when you're ready to continue your climb through the qualifying round.
Do not be gone too long. Khana may well rise to become the Silver Division champion while you're away.
When you walk the streets and hear your name among the crowds, be sure that your ego does not swell like the body of Eleven Gaping Maw, god of inopportune gluttony.
Things are... interesting right now. Be as careful walking the streets as you are in the ring. I don't think Kai Lan is pleased with your progress.
There are few fates worse than being reduced to nothing. Lotus Assassins can belong nowhere else. Service to Death's Hand is your life.
Master Gang has been lax in indoctrinating you. No doubt he wants to make use of your fiery disposition before stripping you of it. You will come to understand.
Remember, the Serpent has asked to speak with you. It is best not to keep him waiting.
I apologize if I'm using words beyond your grasp. Very few people can match either the supply or the command of my language.
Don't get flusterated. Everything I say is perfectly cromulent, and it might do you well to embiggen your vocabulary before you fling accretions my discretion.
A single glance tells me you are a remarkable woman with the perfect mix of strength and grace to grab a crowd's imagination!
A spirit of leaping flames dwells within you!
Strong build, good shoulders... not half bad looking, either. You've got what it takes to make it in today's arena.
Livestock can be accordiated great value, but that's not the point here.
The question is, can you fight? Are you worthy of the arena? I say the answer is a clarion and resoundering, *cod6*Yes!*cod6*
In times like these, when even the Lotus Assassins can fall under attack, the people need something they can hold on to, something to soothe them.
Some might be suspicious of one seen publicly consorting with the Lotus Assassins, but I have no such qualms. You're as welcome here as the Emperor himself!
Of course. I was just thinking about things. Gao richly deserved his death, but I'm not sure I ever really expected it to happen.
I've heard that you were asking around and talking to some of our best and brightest. Your interest tells me all that I need to know about you.
Yes, I would welcome the chance.
I may not have heard your name before, but you walk like one who has seen many battles. You are indeed mysterious, stranger.
What say we get you signed up for the greatest attraction in all the Empire? The arena awaits!
[Failure] I don't see how balancing us against each other is productive.
Here you fight for silver; glory is yours for the taking if you value it. The rewards start small, but in the Gold Division you could easily retire on your winnings.
In fact, our last champion, Raging Ox, did just that. Suddenly up and left to enjoy his winnings, clearing the way for the Ravager to take his place.
You'll start low and advance on my say so, but I can already tell you're going to expel in this place. You'll not languish in the qualifiers for long.
Agreed. You are not giving much incentive for the continued... extra interest you have enjoyed.
What is a Spirit Monk?
I... I did not think you would find the concern of your... closest friends trivial.
Yes, this is possibly the last we would see of you. If this is not appropriate now, when is it?
*cod6*Austi....*cod6* Don't you mean, *cod6*auspicious?*cod6*
Did you just butcher the language on purpose, or out of stupidity?
Thank you for your assurance. I know we have all been struggling with the responsibilities destiny imparts. I don't wish to add to that in an unpleasant way.\n
Yes, I can see how you would not want to be... overburdened. I think... I think we are done here.
Yes, Princess, I believe we are.
If I joined the arena, who or what would I face?
Take care in the Assassins' fortress. Master Li is waiting for us, and... I am looking forward to turning our attention to happier concerns.
It does.... Of course it does. I never had a doubt. I have asked a great deal from you, but I know you can provide more than I need.
Well, far be it from me to get in the way of what a princess needs. Whatever it is, I'm sure it is far more important than what the... the rest of us want.
I think we are done here. I trust you will be careful as you progress from here. You must expose Death's Hand and save your Master.
And when all this is done, we can deal with more pleasant concerns.
I see. Well, if silence is what you want, I'm sure that can be arranged.
Y-yes, it certainly can. I'm sorry I was nothing more than... a distraction.
Be careful inside. There are still a great many people depending on you to discredit Death's Hand.
Even if they cannot depend on you in all things.
Soon you will have nothing else but your life here. Your role as a Lotus Assassin leaves no room for anything other than loyalty to Death's Hand and the Emperor.
Are these fights deadly?
What happened twenty years ago?
What if someone specifically tries to dispel the protections?
Let's go back to my other questions about the rules.
I want to join the arena.
Slaves continue to be brought to the fortress from the Wall and unimportant villages that have no voice to object. Our golem force continues to grow.
I am called *cod7*FullName*cod8*.
I would rather keep that to myself.
I am Egregious Prevaricator, respected scholar and grower of pipe weed. I'm shocked you haven't heard of me.
I want to be called Raging Dragon.
Yes, that's what I want.
Bill me as Silver Phoenix.
Call me Tiger Lifts the Mountain.
That's all I need to know?
I've got it. Let's get started.
Tell me about my first fight.
No, I've changed my mind.
Operations in Tien's Landing have temporarily halted, but we received glorious news that a hated enemy of the Emperor has been delivered to the palace!
I'm not interested in the arena. I should talk to someone else.
I hear you're doing well in the arena, though I doubt you've impressed the Ravager.
So, you have won honor in the arena. That's very good for someone who is... new to fighting.
The arena can be very dangerous, especially if you are unprepared.
If you're going to do well in the arena you'll need strength and luck. Lots of luck.
If I catch my husband betting at the arena again he'll have a *real* fight on his hands.
Oh good, another fighter. Just what this city needs, more fighters.
I don't know what's worse, the Outlander's noisy weapon or his loud mouth.
The Outlander reminds me of my first husband. Perhaps he'll disappear, as well.
Tell me more about Kai Lan the Serpent.
Henpecked Hou's wife finally tracked him down and brought him back home to settle back into the simple bun master's life. A few years later, he became a father for the first time. Though having septuplets at his age was not unheard of, having seven daughters at once was a bit peculiar. Shortly thereafter, Hou became deathly ill after accidentally eating a bun he intended to give to his wife. Hou's wife invited her entire family to live with them while he was bedridden. Hou recovered more quickly than expected, but word of his poisonous bun made sure that his career as a bun master was over. Instead, Hou became a delivery man, delivering packages throughout the Empire. He has yet to return from his first delivery.
The Black Whirlwind accepted a job hunting demons for the Celestial Bureaucracy, but the ensuing red tape frustrated him so much that he gave up and made for the Mysterious East. Shortly thereafter, the Empire received a great influx of Outlanders, many of whom were missing limbs and other body parts. He returned to the Jade Empire several years later, but this time he came from the west. He couldn't explain how he did it, but he was the only person unsurprised to arrive back where he started. Expressing a newfound hatred for a people who couldn't make a decent bowl of wine, the Black Whirlwind vowed to never again leave the Jade Empire. A week later, he got bored and headed off to the north.
Chi Damage Increase
Healing Rate
Type in some text....
Chi Cost Reduction
Speed Increase
Block Threshold
Projectile Range
Chi Damage
Poison Duration
Paralysis Duration
Quarry Cave
More death, more intruders... My tomb has lain sacrosanct for centuries and now mortals tread on my very ashes.
Your corpse will lie here with those of my subjects, and your spirit will feed my own.
Why do you let Lucky Cho push you around, Qui?
It would be an honor to say that I aided someone who was greeted by Princess Sun Lian herself!
Enough about what Lucky Cho said. Can you tell me more about the Guild?
I'll be careful who I talk to.
They sound like a gang of common thugs. I should turn them in!
I'll discuss what I want with whoever I want. They cannot touch me.
Hold on, Qui! How do you know the Black Whirlwind?
You're friends with the lummox who won't stop following me, I take it?
I hope this proves my skill to you.
What did he want to talk about?
He'll have to wait, I'm ready for my next match now.
The crowd loved that fight. I think it was worth some extra silver, don't you?
[Charm] You're too savvy a businessman to not reward your star performers.
[Intimidation] I make it easier for you to fill the seats. That means nothing to you?
Forget it. Let me ask you something instead.
I should ask you about some things.
What about the protective spells? Were they removed as well?
How can I trust you? You're Kai Lan's man, aren't you?
You're sure they won't try something like this again?
How can I trust the Guild? Weren't they behind this?
The last time I met someone down there it ended poorly.
Did he say what he wants?
I don't want to talk to that arrogant cur.
The crowd loved that fight. I think we need to talk about some extra silver.
[Intimidation] Pay me now so I don't demand that you up the payments on every fight.
[Intuition] Would Soldier have let such a fight go without being paid extra?
Very well, let me ask you something, then.
I deserve more silver than this.
[Intimidation] You can't afford to lose me, Qui. The crowds demand to see my matches.
[Intuition] You've said yourself that this division is a test for me. Surely the rules are less strict here.\n
You will be the first. As I said, I *need* you to have the crowd's heart. Kai Lan does not want you to face the Ravager. I do.
How can he be so strong?
It is that time. The Ravager awaits. You remember what I told you about fighting him?
I merely want you to think of your safety. The Ravager strikes with such power that even the wards of this arena may not be able to save you.
Your match could end in death. It almost happened when Sung Bu faced him alone, and he was the last opponent to tackle the champion.
The Ravager grows more fierce with each fight, as if time were making him stronger. If you face him, we may not be able to end the match in time.
Can I assist you with anything else?
Now that I know what I'm facing, I will crush your little pet!
I'm right here, don't talk around me as if I'm not.
Perhaps I lost on purpose. I don't appreciate someone suggesting that I should win.
I look forward to the rematch.
What happens if I refuse?
If you find yourself running out of Chi, try using Spirit Thief to draw Chi from your opponents.\n
Lotus Assassins are using rat demons to find gems. One of the rat demons said he could feel a gem nearby, in the ruins.
The accomplices who hid him were butchered, their pitiful village razed. We look forward to a day when all who oppose our masters are dealt with.
Gems in the Quarry
Is there anyone who wants to face me?
Dirge - Temple Summit
I have energy enough only to instill knowledge of one, not both. Knowledge of the other may come in time, but not today.
If I choose one, am I prohibited from learning the other?
It's worth a try Whirlwind. It might make you less irritable.
I need answers, but I can do without the banter.
The Great Dam downriver from Tien's Landing is open, and now the Silkworm River is running faster and lower than it has for years. It is impossible for larger vessels to navigate, essentailly cutting off the town from the trade that sustains it. Minister Sheng in the town square can provide more details.
The Great Dam
Please choose this option if you would like to make your own character from scratch.
A fast character may not be the strongest, but she can maintain Focus in battle longer than others, easily sidestepping strikes and delivering counterattacks with blinding speed.
Though not as physically strong as others, a magical character is the best at channeling her Chi to enhance her physical strikes and fuel powerful elemental magics.
A fast character may not be the strongest, but he can maintain Focus in battle longer than others, easily sidestepping strikes and delivering counterattacks with blinding speed.
While not the fastest or strongest of warriors, the balanced character is the most versatile. The balanced character excels at adapting to exploit his enemies' weaknesses.
A strong character trades speed and magical aptitude for raw strength and power, enabling him to dish out and withstand much more damage than other warriors.
Locate the bomb hidden in the Palace and prevent it from killing the King.
Pleasing the peasants and the director is all well and good, but Incisive Chorus was unpleased with your rendition of the altered script. He stormed off without paying you his reward.
I will never believe it until I hear it from her own lips! And if she's that close, you can bet my hands will be around her neck!
Bring her here to me. Let me have my revenge.
My wife decided I wasn't good enough. She poisoned my food one day and left me to die, choking on my own swollen tongue.
Likely she has taken all I owned and sold it, lining her own pockets and finding some younger, more fit man to satisfy her.
Couldn't handle the stupidest ogre in the Empire, huh? Word gets around fast here.
Not even if it offers you a chance at the Bronze Division championship?
I will not tolerate mindless insults. My services are in high demand for tasks more important than this.
This follower is missing.
Crimson Khana's rise to Bronze Division champion has been good for business, but she has become troublesome of late.
She believes that the Serpent runs the arena with little concern for honor, and she's right. The problem is that she cares.\n
This place is not corrupt so much as... open to interpretation.
The Serpent and I believe that Khana needs to be stopped. We want you to replace her as the Bronze champion.
It should be a simple matter to slip a slow-acting, but extremely deadly, poison into Khana's drink before the match.
So, your lost sheep, Sagacious Zu, returned to save you. I didn't think he had the nerve.
That's because people are nothing but tools to you!
If you accept, the Guild will cover half of Lyn's usual fee. The remaining cost would be roughly half of your winnings from defeating Khana.
If you're that sure, why are we still talking? You want to cheat for the thrills?
[Success] You're going to make this difficult unless I make this easy, aren't you?
[Failure] This benefits you more than us. Others would leap at this opportunity. The price remains fixed.
Will you go ahead with this? Do you have the will to take your advantage?
Do you want to go ahead with this or not?
Excellent. Your payment will be reduced for Khana's match, but I'm sure Qui knows better than to ask too many questions.
Khana will prove an easy foe under the influence of my concoction. Simply wait her out, if you wish.
You fool. The Guild *is* the authority in the arena. Anyone you approach would know better than to tangle with us.
If that is your choice, then so be it. You may deal with Khana on your own.
I strongly advise you not to bring this up to anyone. I hope my point speaks for itself.
Our business is concluded. It is time for you to leave.
Don't expect a hearty round of congratulations for defeating Han. There are trained apes in the Emperor's menagerie who could sit that one down.
Do not hover around me like a curious dragonfly. People will be suspicious enough when they see Khana in the ring.
It seems our little arrangement worked out extremely well. Be sure to keep quiet about it, if you value your own reputation.
I am always watching, even you dogs in the qualifying rounds. Remember that.
Now that you're not fighting with the trained apes, the bets placed on you will actually be worth the time they take to process.
With Crimson Khana out of the way, my job is going to be much easier.
Yes. I know that they scout among the highly skilled fighters.
They usually only watch those fighting well above you, so if you have hopes of joining their ranks, I suggest you practice.
My dear little Dawn Star. I'm a princess. People bow to me. That is the way things are.\n
Of course, many things are not as I thought they were, if what we learned from Jia is true.
I know what you found and what the implications of it are: The Emperor himself ordered the golems constructed, and... the workers were stolen from their homes.
By the Water Dragon's mercy, they are enslaved until they die... and then trapped within the golems. I have seen the proof... but how can it be true?
Suppose you were a young noble who has just inherited a fortune.
If you want to bother someone with inane queries, I suggest you speak with Qui the Promoter about the arena or the tavern keeper about the city.
Those two will have more than enough time to waste on you, I am sure. Now, was there something important you needed to ask?
Good. Only come to me when you have business to conduct. I am not here to debate philosophy or discuss the conditions of the weather.
You're the one Qui found to fill the roster? He must have been desperate.
Every time an event like the arena occurs, some people enjoy adding a certain edge to the proceedings.
When those people feel like investing in a particular fighter's chances, Lucky Cho is the man they want to see.
No. You're a fighter, you can't bet on the matches.
Watch that barbed tongue of yours. It could come back to snag you.
Before you face Khana, I'd like to present you with a mutually beneficial arrangement.
Bet Taker
This is Sweet Poison Lyn, a master of the toxicant arts.
Lyn, this is Raging Dragon, the fighter we discussed.
Sweet Poison, standing before you is Silver Phoenix, the one we discussed.
Lyn, allow me to introduce Tiger Lifts the Mountain.
Mrs. Jong
Imperial City Gates
Why is this foul poisoner here?
No! I will not believe it! We have to go to the palace and give him the chance to explain.
What does this have to do with me?
She is a fool if she thinks something this large would not be corrupt.
Stand beside me or don't. I am going to question my father and straighten this out. It's all just a mistake.
I was wondering when you would come to the point.
I will not be party to a murder.
We must be on our guard. Is there another way to reach the palace? The princess doesn't want to see the danger.
She says she can get my Marvelous Dragonfly there in one piece. I have heard no other options, and I won't risk the finish flying blind.
That is too much silver for something I could do on my own.
[Charm] This is mutually beneficial. Why worry about silver?
[Intimidation] How big are the bets on this match? Can you afford leaving it to chance?
Forget lowering the cost.
Let's do it. Poison her and take the silver from my winnings.
What if I tell the authorities about this?
I will not dishonor myself by resorting to poison.
I think you'll be able to handle yourself, but I'm not holding back out there.
From what I hear, you and I will meet next. I'm really looking forward to it.
Still a mouth on you. I like that. You're going to do fine.
We'll take care of that in the next match, new blood, trust me. I've been looking forward to taking you down a notch.
Our honored opponent! How you must feel knowing that you are to face us next!
Imperial Guard
Everyone, be quiet!
Are you ready to go? If you have business left in the Imperial City, you'd better finish it. I won't be leaving the palace without an answer.
The only real visitor we ever have is that strange fellow who came in for supplies once or twice. He's just some mad hermit, though. He tries to avoid the village proper.
I thank you, but this has been a great deal to absorb. I don't know what to think about anything.
We still have much to talk about, but it will have to wait. I must speak to my father. Forgive me.
Do you have a moment for some questions?
I don't need anything else from you.
Is there any way I can participate?
Amazing. You managed to make being a petty bet-monger sound half-respectable.
You're bringing word to the court that the Emperor has halted his advance on the Horselords.
Who else is benefiting from this arrangement?
Merchants' Square
I don't like the tone this *cod6*offer*cod6* of yours is taking.
Go ahead and tell me what you have to say.
Enjoy your stay in wonderful Tien's Landing, where things are never as bad as they seem!
I find your optimism... disturbing.
Tien's Landing Fight Club
Tell me the history of this town.
Tell me about the town's problems.
Where did the name Tien's Landing come from?
Sounds interesting. Go on.
I don't see any palace around here.
Rumors
***TEMP FIND OUT ABOUT FIGHT CLUB?
Some of the locals in Tien's Landing mentioned a fight club down by the waterfront where a fighter can earn some money sparring. It is located in a large boathouse.
Where can I buy and sell things?
***TEMP FIGHT CLUB
***TEMP GAIN ENTRANCE TO FIGHT CLUB
***TEMP YOU FIND A FIGHT CLUB ON THE WATERFRONT IN TIEN'S LANDING
***TEMP YOU GAINED ENTRANCE TO SAID FIGHT CLUB AND JOINED CLUB.
***TEMP INITIATION ROUND
***TEMP WIN THE INITIATION ROUND
***TEMP YOU WON INITIATION ROUND. NOW WIN ROUND 2
***TEMP ROUND 2
***TEMP  WIN ROUND 2
***TEMP YOU WON ROUND 2, NOW WIN ROUND 3
***TEMP ROUND 3
Do you know where I can find Ru the Boatswain?
***TEMP  WIN ROUND 3
I have questions about the town itself.
***TEMP YOU WON ROUND 3, AND HAVE JOINED THE PROFESSIONAL ECHELON. NOW WIN ROUND 4
***TEMP ROUND 4
***TEMP  WIN ROUND 4
No, no, this is too soon. You shouldn't be back here. The play has begun!
I am ruined!
I couldn't bring myself to perform.
How you made it to me is mystifying, but since we meet next, should I notify any kin after I crush your spirit?
Still, you have to respect tradition. I'm... er... not exactly sure what she's done that's so bad, but I know it set the nobles aflame with gossip.
You have made me proud.
I can see that, my student.
[Small cracks in the mine allow a few beams of light from outside. An emaciated slave might be able to reach the surface, but no one else would fit.]
Thank you, Master. I have learned much.
Twenty years, Li. I have waited long enough. Atone for your treachery and give me what I require.
Look to yourself, brother. You would have done the same.
I am the eldest and, therefore, the Emperor! I have you at a disadvantage, and yet you toy with me. What do you know, Glorious Strategist? Where is the Spirit Monk amulet?
Your followers will fight alongside you, but you can also access their support abilities. Use the Followers screen to change their tactics.
Skip
You will find out soon enough, brother.
The only reason I was interested in Bei was because I figured he was my only chance of ever finding a husband, and I knew he was a decent guy.
Father!
Child? What are you doing here? I have important matters and... what have you done to yourself? You look like a common street woman.
And who is this? You invite filth into the halls of my palace? This is not how the child of the Emperor should act.
Don't lecture me. Master Li's student brought me evidence from the Lotus Assassin fortress. You allowed Death's Hand to corrupt the Empire.
Master Li's student?
This child... the very person who tested my Lotus Assassins... brought to my doorstep by my own daughter.\n
Mosquito
Brother Li, did you plant the seeds for this fool to come here? Layers upon layers. Always the Glorious Strategist.
An amusement left by the previous master of this school, meant to test the students with basic problem solving. I haven't bothered to have it removed.
I don't blame you for your foolishness. What can you possibly know? The Emperor is the manifestation of divine power.
That is your role as figurehead. How could you betray the people? Your greed has unsettled the whole of the Empire. The dead no longer sleep!
My child, remember your place. I have no patience for anyone who challenges my authority. Not even you.
It's not like he was the love of my life or anything. He just seemed like a logical choice. There's not a lot of options in this town.
Kill the rest. They are unimportant.
No, I won't let you disgrace the Empire!
ENOUGH!
I am God-Emperor Sun!
In my youth I ruled dutifully, but nature does not respect titles. Withering drought, not battle, threatened to take my throne. But I would not allow it!
I assaulted the underworld and claimed the great Water Dragon, and neither the treachery of my siblings nor my failing body could stop me! I am no longer a slave to time's decay!
My actions have brought the Empire great strength and its Emperor endless power! Who among you would dare challenge my right to rule?
That glow. Brother Li hid the amulet in plain sight and acted as his own diversion. Just as Death's Hand diverted attention from me. The obvious threat hid the insidious one.
Do you even know what you hold, child? What truly led you here?
But who has set you on this path, and why? Do you blindly follow your master's mantra? Is anything ever so obvious? You were guided to me.
Combatant 3
I learned of your family. Do you use them to justify this?
Even if you are impervious to my sorcery, it changes nothing. I am a god! Come, student of Li! Your quest for death is at an end!
But for whom, I wonder? Do you blindly follow the will of your master? Is anything so simple? You were guided to me.
But where did it begin? Do you blindly follow the will of your master? Is anything so simple? You were guided to me.
I am the Emperor. I *am* the heart of the Empire. Death's Hand is a diversion. He is Death's *Hand.* *My* hand.
The lost sibling of the beloved Emperor Sun, forced to hide at the edge of the Empire. Until Death's Hand brought him to me.
This cannot be. I am Emperor Sun! I am a god!
Here! Face me!
I am the one who must end your evil.
I learned of your family. Do you use them to justify this? Your child lives.
You have upset the order of things. I do what I must.
I alone can resist you! Enough talk! This ends now!
Forgive me, but I cannot let you continue.
You are blind to your own corruption, old man.
Do you see, Princess? Your father is at the heart of it all.
As I tried to say, Princess, Master Li is the Emperor's brother.
Then it is true, Master Li? You are the Emperor's brother?
I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*. I demand vengeance for the assault on my home!
I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*. I will open your eyes to the suffering of your people.
You seem to have gotten over Bei pretty quickly.
My name is *cod7*FullName*cod8*. I am here to rescue my Master.
*cod84* Description for Crescent Blades
Double Rings
*cod84* Description for Double Rings
Do you see? This is what dropping heavily armed flyers and exploring caves that were very securely locked will get you! Some people never learn.
Father? You said your brothers were killed. I don't understand.
I haven't been able to sleep since you fell. All I could think of was finding a way to take revenge. So much hate washed over me.
I have been afraid to talk to you. I worry that you might have changed... that you might have forgotten me.
Do you still feel the same way for your Heavenly Lily?
I haven't slept since you fell. For all the influence my position is supposed to carry, I was as helpless as a lamb.
But now, to have you back here, with me. It's almost too much to bear.
I wish that saying it would make it true, but there is so much that is uncertain.
Whatever comes tomorrow, thank you for what we have *right now.* This moment... is beautiful.
You should kiss me before I remember who I am supposed to be.
Do you remember the hearts you left behind? I am not the only one waiting for an answer.
If you had to make a choice between me and her... would you? Could you? Who would it be?
Ah, it's just as we suspected. It's a shame, really.
A decision of one or the other can't help but hurt someone. We agreed that we wouldn't let that happen. Not after sharing such grief.
The Imperial City is beautiful, but you still have to be careful in certain areas.
Ahhh... it's just like we thought. Poor, poor, lovable man, caught by feelings he can't stop.
I never imagined that I'd love someone like you....
Emperor Sun Hai is a great man. Without him the Empire would still be living in a drought.
Your... death, left us shaken. It seemed like an eternity before Dawn Star had that vision of the Water Dragon... before we knew you might return.
We consoled each other. Dawn Star and I started talking... got to know each other better.
The Executioner
That depends. Is she still willing to take what makes her happy?
I haven't been able to stop thinking of you.
I'll never let you go again.
I've seen some strange things in this city, but it's still the only place I'd want to live.
I love shopping in the city. They have everything here.
If it's too much, I could leave again. Not by the same method, I hope.
I don't understand. what have you been up to?
I'd choose you, Sun Lian.
I'd have to choose Dawn Star. I am sorry.
** *cod16*description for divine void style
Come to kick this tired old dog?
Careful, boy. This mongrel's still got all his teeth.
Viper Style Power-up!
Grants the Viper combat style
I'm going to hang around this place a while longer. Call me curious to see what else you can stir out of this midden.
Sit, if you please. I have something I must finish.
You will not be champion! This is *my* arena!
Use your environment to your advantage. Some areas allow you to manipulate destructible objects to defeat your opponents.
Come with me. I could use your help.
Wait here for me.
[These gates are sealed shut and will never open]
Indeed. Indeed I do. You've gotten rid of a very pesky mother-in-law for me. A ghost of course, eh-heh, but still. Yes, you'll get a reward.
Graverobber
Beggar Song
I'll be lucky if the director doesn't fling me into the river! I must go try to calm him.
CHUD 1 description
CHUD 2 description
CHUD 3 description
Monkey 1 description
Monkey 2 description
Monkey 3 description
Dog 1 description
Dog 2 description
Dog 3 description
*cod231*
*cod232*
*cod233*
*cod234*
*cod235*
*cod236*
Please... leave me alone! I'm just a poor peasant woman. I have nothing left for you to take!
I am surprised to see you back, mighty one. Tien's Landing is doomed, and I thought our troubles would have driven you away.
I am Gufu, great one. Some call me Gufu the Sweet, though I don't know why, I usually smell like the fish I sell. Perhaps they are making fun of me.
But now there are no fish to sell. I have lived in Tien's Landing all my life, but now I am ashamed to say I wish I lived somewhere else.
Pirates are raiding the countryside, capturing peasants and taking them as slaves. Luckily, they have not attacked Tien's Landing... yet.\n
Now that the dam is closed, fish will soon return to Tien's Landing. I can go back to earning a living, and I have you to thank for that.
You don't know? The Great Dam has been opened, and now the river's level has dropped. It is too low and fast to navigate. Without the river, we are nothing.
Display the credits of Jade Empire.
These are not final credits*cod2**cod2*BioWare*cod2*Animation*cod2*Lead Animator*cod2*Deo Perez*cod2**cod2*Game Animation*cod2*Carmen Cheung*cod2*Steve Gilmour*cod2*Chris Hale*cod2*Mark How*cod2*Jim Jagger*cod2*Rick Li*cod2*John Santos*cod2*Henrik Vasquez*cod2**cod2*Lead Cinematics Animator*cod2*Tony de Waal*cod2**cod2*Cutscene Art and Animation*cod2*Jonathan Cooper*cod2*Nick DiLiberto*cod2*Paul Dutton*cod2*Cristian Enciso*cod2*Rod Green*cod2*Joel MacMillan*cod2*Chris Mann*cod2*Sherridon Routley*cod2*Steve Runham*cod2*Gina Welbourn*cod2*Shane Welbourn*cod2**cod2*Motion Capture Performance and Choreography*cod2*The Smashcut Action Team*cod2**cod2*Motion Capture at*cod2*Giant Studios*cod2*Syncrude Center for Motion and Balance*cod2**cod2*BioWare Director of Animation*cod2*Steve Gilmour*cod2*Art*cod2*Art Director*cod2*Matt Goldman*cod2**cod2*Artists*cod2*Nolan Cunningham*cod2*John Gallagher*cod2*Mike Grills*cod2*Shane Hawco*cod2*Kevin Hayes*cod2*Jessicah Mih*cod2*Matthew (Joonseo) Park*cod2*Eric Poulin*cod2*Arun Ram-Mohan*cod2*Alex Scott*cod2*Shareef Shanawany*cod2*Sean Smailes*cod2*Jason Spykerman*cod2*Rob Sugama*cod2*Rion Swanson*cod2*Jillian Tamaki*cod2*Neil Valeriano*cod2**cod2*Lead Technical Artist*cod2*Harvey Fong*cod2**cod2*Technical Artists and Art Tools Programmers*cod2*Ted Chen*cod2*Ben Hindle*cod2*Lindsay Jorgensen*cod2*Kees Rijnen*cod2**cod2*Additional Art*cod2*Dean Andersen*cod2*Ryan Blanchard*cod2*Warren Heise*cod2*Mike Leonard*cod2*Tobyn Manthorpe*cod2*Suhwan Pak*cod2*Mike Spalding*cod2*Mike Trottier*cod2*Derek Watts*cod2**cod2*Contract Artists*cod2*Grant Arthur*cod2*Dave Cathro*cod2*Jez Elford*cod2*Paul Hodge*cod2**cod2*BioWare Director of Art*cod2*Dave Hibbeln*cod2*Audio*cod2*Audio and External Resources Producer*cod2*Shauna Perry*cod2**cod2*Sound Designers*cod2*Michael Kent*cod2*Michael Peter*cod2*Steven Sim*cod2**cod2*Audio Intern*cod2*Craig Westley*cod2**cod2*Audio Programmer*cod2*Don Yakielashek*cod2**cod2*Original Score*cod2*Jack Wall*cod2**cod2*Additional Audio Design*cod2*Dave Chan*cod2*John Henke*cod2**cod2*Design*cod2*Lead Designer*cod2*Kevin Martens*cod2**cod2*Senior Technical Designers*cod2*Brent Knowles*cod2*Aidan Scanlan*cod2*Georg Zoeller*cod2**cod2*Senior Writers*cod2*Drew Karpyshyn*cod2*Luke Kristjanson*cod2*Mike Laidlaw*cod2**cod2*Designers*cod2*Jason Booth*cod2*Dusty Everman*cod2*James Henley*cod2*Brian Kindregan*cod2*Cori May*cod2*Brad Prince*cod2*Aidan Scanlan*cod2*Peter Thomas*cod2*Jay Turner*cod2*Mac Walters*cod2*Keith Warner*cod2*John Winski*cod2**cod2*Editing*cod2*Jay Turner*cod2*Laura Hamilton*cod2**cod2*Additional Design*cod2*Rob Bartel*cod2*Preston Watamaniuk*cod2**cod2*Original Language Development*cod2*Wolf Wikeley*cod2**cod2*BioWare Director of Design*cod2*James Ohlen*cod2**cod2*Localisation*cod2*Localisation Producer*cod2*Jenny McKearney*cod2**cod2*Localisation Programmers*cod2*Rob Krajcarski*cod2*Kris Tan*cod2**cod2*Production*cod2*Producer/Project Director*cod2*Jim Bishop*cod2**cod2*Executive Producers*cod2*Ray Muzyka*cod2*Greg Zeschuk*cod2**cod2*Assistant Producer*cod2*Sheldon Carter*cod2**cod2*Line Producers*cod2*Chris Klassen*cod2*Keith Soleski*cod2**cod2*Programming*cod2*Lead Programmer*cod2*Mark Darrah*cod2**cod2*Programmers*cod2*Rob Boyd*cod2*Mike Devine*cod2*Aaryn Flynn*cod2*Neil Flynn*cod2*Dan Hein*cod2*Ryan Hoyle*cod2*Pat Labine*cod2*Adriana Lopez*cod2*Dan Morris*cod2*Ernesto Novillo*cod2*Jan Sacharuk*cod2**cod2*Lead Graphics Programmer*cod2*Patrick Chan*cod2**cod2*Graphics Programmers*cod2*Brook Bakay*cod2*Matt Peters*cod2**cod2*Lead Tools Programmer*cod2*Chris Christou*cod2**cod2*Tools Programmers*cod2*Marwan Audeh*cod2*Jonathan Baldwin*cod2*Lee Bererton*cod2*Christopher Mihalick*cod2*Rejean Poirier*cod2*James Redford*cod2*Sydney Tang*cod2*Jon Thompson*cod2*Ryan Warden*cod2*Darren Wong*cod2**cod2*Additional Programming*cod2*Andrew Flavell*cod2*Frank Klier*cod2*Robert Niewiadomski*cod2*Sophia Smith*cod2*Tim Smith*cod2**cod2*BioWare Director of Programming*cod2*Scott Greig*cod2**cod2*BioWare Assistant Director of Tools*cod2*Don Moar*cod2**cod2*BioWare Assistant Director of Graphics*cod2*Jason Knipe*cod2**cod2*Quality Assurance*cod2* *cod2*Quality Assurance Lead*cod2*Alain Baxter*cod2* *cod2*Quality Assurance*cod2*Derrick Collins*cod2*Jonathan Epp*cod2*Scott Horner*cod2*Chris Priestly*cod2*Guillaume Bourbonniere*cod2*Mitchell T. Fujino*cod2*Nathan Frederick*cod2*Keith *cod6*K2*cod6* Hayward*cod2*Rob Henry*cod2*Sam Johnson*cod2*Curtis Knecht*cod2*Alex Lucas*cod2*Bob McCabe*cod2*Andrew Nobbs*cod2*Ryan Plamondon*cod2*Bruce Venne*cod2*Stanley Woo*cod2*Iain Stevens-Guille*cod2**cod2*Contract Testers*cod2*Steven Deleeuw*cod2*Michael Goldman*cod2*Chris Halina*cod2*Stephen Ho*cod2*Ryan Hrycun*cod2*Brian Mills*cod2*Sean Molofee*cod2*Celest Morris*cod2*Kyle Scott*cod2**cod2*BioWare Director of Quality Assurance*cod2*Phillip DeRosa*cod2**cod2*BioWare Marketing/Communications*cod2*Public Relations Lead*cod2*Teresa Cotesta*cod2**cod2*Promotional Art*cod2*Todd Grenier*cod2*Mike Sass*cod2*Colin Walmsley*cod2**cod2*Web Manager*cod2*Robin Mayne*cod2**cod2*Web Developers*cod2*Johnn Four*cod2*Jeff Marvin*cod2**cod2*Client Care Specialist*cod2*Jason Barlow*cod2**cod2*Community Manager*cod2*Jay Watamaniuk*cod2**cod2*Director of Marketing*cod2*Craig Priddle*cod2**cod2*BioWare Admin*cod2*Joint CEOs*cod2*Ray Muzyka*cod2*Greg Zeschuk*cod2**cod2*Director of Finance and Systems Administration*cod2*Richard Iwaniuk*cod2**cod2*Finance*cod2*Todd Derechey*cod2*Kelley Grainger*cod2*Jo-Marie Langkow*cod2**cod2*Business Advisor*cod2*Robert Kallir*cod2**cod2*Director of Outsourcing*cod2*Diarmid Clarke*cod2**cod2*Human Resources*cod2*Theresa Baxter*cod2*Mark Kluchky*cod2*Leanne Korotash*cod2*Donna Poburan*cod2**cod2*Systems Administration*cod2*Julian Karst*cod2*Nils Kuhnert*cod2*Dave McGruther*cod2*Craig Miller*cod2*Brett Tollefson*cod2*Duleepa *cod6*Dups*cod6* Wijayawardhana*cod2*Chris Zeschuk*cod2**cod2*Administrative Assistants*cod2*Agnes Goldman*cod2*Teresa Meester*cod2**cod2*Voice*cod2*Lead VO Director*cod2*Ginny McSwain*cod2**cod2*VO Direction*cod2*Rob King*cod2*Caroline Livingstone*cod2*Shauna Perry*cod2**cod2*Casting Services*cod2*TikiMan Casting*cod2* *cod2*VO Recorded at*cod2*Technicolor Sound Services*cod2*Blackman Productions Inc.*cod2**cod2*Voice Actors*cod2*Actor 1*cod2*Actor 2*cod2*Actor 3*cod2*Actor 4*cod2*Actor 5*cod2*Actor 6*cod2*Actor 7*cod2*Actor 8*cod2*Actor 9*cod2*Actor 10*cod2*Actor 11*cod2*Actor 12*cod2*Actor 13*cod2*Actor 14*cod2*Actor 15*cod2*Actor 16*cod2*Actor 17*cod2*Actor 18*cod2*Actor 19*cod2*Actor 20*cod2*Actor 21*cod2*Actor 22*cod2*Actor 23*cod2*Actor 24*cod2*Actor 25*cod2*Actor 26*cod2*Actor 27*cod2*Actor 28*cod2*Actor 29*cod2*Actor 30*cod2*Actor 31*cod2*Actor 32*cod2*Actor 33*cod2*Actor 34*cod2*Actor 35*cod2*Actor 36*cod2*Actor 37*cod2*Actor 38*cod2*Actor 39*cod2*Actor 40*cod2*Actor 41*cod2*Actor 42*cod2*Actor 43*cod2*Actor 44*cod2*Actor 45*cod2*Actor 46*cod2*Actor 47*cod2*Actor 48*cod2*Actor 49*cod2*Actor 50*cod2*Actor 51*cod2*Actor 52*cod2*Actor 53*cod2*Actor 54*cod2*Actor 55*cod2*Actor 56*cod2*Actor 57*cod2*Actor 58*cod2*Actor 59*cod2*Actor 60*cod2*Actor 61*cod2*Actor 62*cod2*Actor 63*cod2*Actor 64*cod2*Actor 65*cod2*Actor 66*cod2*Actor 67*cod2*Actor 68*cod2*Actor 69*cod2*Actor 70*cod2*Actor 71*cod2*Actor 72*cod2*Actor 73*cod2*Actor 74*cod2*Actor 75*cod2*Actor 76*cod2*Actor 77*cod2*Actor 78*cod2*Actor 79*cod2*Actor 80*cod2*Actor 81*cod2*Actor 82*cod2*Actor 83*cod2*Actor 84*cod2*Actor 85*cod2**cod2*Special Thanks*cod2*Marc and Laurel Holmes*cod2*Mathew Kaustinen*cod2*Greg Philyaw*cod2*
Credits
What is it you wish to know?
I'm afraid I don't know, honored stranger. You should speak with Lishun the Talkative. If anyone would know the tale, he would.
You could probably find him wandering around the town somewhere, wasting time and looking for people willing to listen to his stories.
If you go around the side of the teahouse, you'll see a path leading up to the town square, the highest point in Tien's Landing.
Minister Sheng is the duly appointed minister for this region. He is trying to hold the town together as well as he can, but it is not easy.
Lotus Elite
He's probably in the teahouse right behind me. Even with things as bad as they are, Ru isn't the type to miss out on his drinking.
He was in the teahouse, getting drunk. But he staggered out some time ago. I think he was heading towards Beggar's Pier, near the waterfront.
Of course, great one. I would be honored to answer whatever questions you may have.
I am poor, honored one. I do not know how my few pitiful coins can help you. Besides, I need them for myself.
[Success] I do... yes, of course. How can I ever complain about anything if I don't do my part? Take my silver; you can do more for the town with it than I can.
[Failure] As much as I want to help, I can't just give you all my silver. Surely you understand that, honored stranger?
[Success] Please don't hurt me, great one! I'm just a poor peasant woman. I can't resist you. Take my silver, take everything I have. Just don't hurt me!
I am relieved to hear it! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Take care of yourself, stranger, and be glad that you do not live in Tien's Landing\n
Goodbye, great one. It is always a pleasure speaking with you, the hero of Tien's Landing.
This is bad. Oh, this is bad. River dried up, pirates everywhere. This is worse than the Long Drought.
Why do you wish that?
Why is this town called Tien's Landing?
Who's in charge here?
If you want to listen in, fine. But pipe down, or you'll make me lose my place. Now, where was I... Oh, yeah! You don't know anything. You said the Emperor would save us!
How do you know he didn't?
I know it wasn't the Emperor because it was some stranger who wandered into town, closed the dam, and saved us.
[Intuition] Tien's Landing is your home. Don't you care about it?
[Intimidation] Give me your silver! The greater good demands it!
You're right. Keep your silver.
Does this have any practical effect?
I want to ask about someone specific.
Though I fell for your deception and that of the other Lotus Assassins, I am no ignorant beast! I am a Guardian, bound to protect the treasures of this place.
I failed when I allowed your master to steal the amulet from me, but I will not fail again! You will never escape with the gem!
Legendary Fist level 3a*cod2*Signature move 1 enhancement 1: Chi damage **
Jade Empire gives you access to dozens of martial combat styles. Tailor your offence to the weaknesses of your opponents.
Don't Explode
You won't get too far if you don't speak to Minister Sheng first. The dam is located in the ruins, but a pair of massive gates blocks the way. Only Sheng has the key.
He's in the town square. You'll see him standing in front of a cart. Just don't ask him about the burned-out building nearby.
Excellent. The key will get you into the ruins, where you can close the Great Dam. I hope to see the water rising soon.
Good luck. I am not used to needing help from others. It is hard for me to say this, but... thank you.
Where do I find Minister Sheng?
I've already got the key from Sheng.
I'll be back once the dam is closed and the river is not so low and fast.
Statue
[Failure] No... it's not enough to kill a man.
[Success] Yes... yes, if I kill Jiang, that will make me happy again! I will have my pride back! If nothing else, I will have my pride. I thank you for setting me straight.
Interrogate Spy
Find SumYungGuy and force him into telling you where the bomb is.
You are a tough Cookie, but now that you're in, defuse the bomb!
Follow Spy
Follow SumYungGuy on his patrol route as he checks up on the bomb. Then defuse it.
oohhh Sneaky you are! Defuse the bomb you must!
Be a retard
Just run around screaming *cod6*WTF!?!!?!? Where is the bomb!?!?!*cod6*
Yer an Idiot.
Jiang, this is it. Time for your reward.
What are you talking about, Captain? My success in business is reward enough for me.
What just happened here? I saw the end of the fight, but not the beginning. Who attacked first?
No. But you must tell me what happened here. Did this man kill in self defense, or was it murder?
Wait, do not implicate yourself to save me. Guard, I attacked Merchant Jiang in a drunken attempt to salvage my pride. How did I think this would make me feel better?
It is true! Guard, I attacked Merchant Jiang in a drunken attempt to salvage my pride. How did I think this would make me feel better?
You are going to have to come with me.
[Failure] No, that will change nothing.
Merchant! Bring me more wine!
Good, I have drinking to do.
I hope you were not injured in the bandit attack. You fought bravely from what I hear.
True, if the Great Dam remains open, the town will consolidate a bit. That might be a good thing. Either way, the smart ones who planned for their future will be fine.
If you are going out there anyway, I would rather you consider how you can profit from the experience. *You* will be putting your life in danger. Shouldn't you be rewarded?
Now we come to the heart of it. I need something done, and I will not ask for favors, or beg for help. I believe that everything has a value, and I place a value on your actions.
Exit Tunnel
Ghost Trouble
If you'll excuse me, I have many customers. I try to provide good service, so I must be about my business.
If the Great Dam closes, the water level rises and those sailors will float away with all their silver. It would be a ridiculous waste of a golden business opportunity.
Lapdog
Suit yourself.
Oh, trust me, you have it at all times.
You handled yourself well against the demonic servitor. It was a rewarding experience for us both, I'm sure. Take this as my thanks.
Your inability to deal with the minor demon cost me dearly. I expected more from you, but I am prepared to overlook your weakness, for the moment.
You are a smart young woman--smart enough to know that you will get much further as my friend than my foe.\n
You are a young man, but I know you have the wisdom to see that my friendship has... advantages.
You may find that certain opportunities, mutually rewarding arrangements between us, will come your way in the near future.\n
*cod6*Cheat*cod6* is such a pedestrian term. I prefer to think of myself as a creative engineer.
Like the fountains that channel water throughout the land, I spread entertainment to the people.
Good. I enjoy discussions with sensible people.
Indeed. Of course, every match you face in the arena has you working for me, whether you realize it or not.
Then you live in an amusing fantasy. Do say hello to the fox spirits and the twin dragons of heaven for me. When you have them over for tea, that is.
There is the matter, however, of your friend, Whirlwind. I'm sure you know that he was one of the fighters here and that he left the arena, but do you know why?
He has good reason not to tell you about this part of his admittedly spotty past.
Useful, but dangerous.
How perceptive of you.
Whirlwind's past is certainly a colorful one. Did he tell you that he was thrown out of the arena?
We couldn't let him fight as he was, so he left. His brother, Raging Ox, wisely stayed here and went on to become champion.
You could reach that point yourself, you know. Indeed, that's a distinct possibility.
Hey! You can't...
We're leaving, now. You and I have to talk. Alone. It's important.
Ha! That got the blood moving. You're trying to bait me into a rumble, but it's not going to work. Years of being grumpy don't leave much room for proper anger any more.
What did you want, anyway? And make it snappy! At my age I could die at the drop of a blossom.
You'd think the recent attack would have people buying supplies or weapons or something, but alas, business has not improved.
Try Lin, she'll say anything to please you just to see your simpering little smile. Pathetic.
Lieutenant, you are in charge while I go up to the Great Dam and check on the sentry golems. If anyone tries to enter these ruins, kill them.
Of course, dread one.
You have your orders! No one can enter the ruins. Kill the intruder!
You'll want to talk to Spear Catches Leaf, he's Lord Yun's man. I'm just the hired mercenary.
Speak with Zin Bu to enter his store. *cod2**cod2*Zin Bu the Magic Abacus is a celestial bureaucrat who seeks to shift over to sales. Check back often; his magical store occasionally restocks itself to help you on your journey.\n
Thank you... thank you so much. I'll take you to them. Follow me.
I'd like to repay you, but I appear to have spent most of it.
New Guy
Idiot! He's obviously a spy! Kill him!
Who are you? How did you get in here?
I hear strange sounds coming from the ruins at night. They say it's ghosts, but I don't believe that!
If you have even the tiniest bit of sense, Whirlwind, you'll realize that you should thank me.
What... have you done to my brother?
Your brother was a useful tool. After you cut him down while he defended me, I decided it would be too much bother to let him go. In the process, I saved you from charges of fratricide.
And so the Ravager was born. The perfect, unquestioning enforcer of my will, and I owe it all to you, Whirlwind.
I should kill you here and now, but first....
I invoke the right of challenge! As an ex-champion, I will return and stake my claim upon this place. Tradition supports my right to this!
But... the right of challenge hasn't been used in hundreds of years!
Very well. You need not accept the precedents and traditions that make this Empire great, Qui.
Instead, accept that my men will kill you if you dare contradict me again.
So, stripling, what do you say? Are you prepared to suffer at my hands, or will you walk away and die the tenfold deaths of the coward?
No! You are not the current champion, Serpent. My brother was, and now my friend is.
Allow me to accept his challenge on your behalf, Master. I will not fail you, and I know my brother's spirit will be satisfied if I take this chance.
Never! I will not allow a substitution of this sort!
Are you certain, Master? I wish nothing more than to avenge my brother.
Preposterous. This oaf can't fight for you.
They do have the right, Serpent. You substituted the demon in place of one of your Guild men. You set the precedent yourself.
Damn you all. Fine, I will fight the shaved bear. It will be a pleasure. Speak with Qui when you are ready. Until then, I will prepare.
When you put it that way, I suppose it makes sense. You go and do what you do best.
Deny me my vengeance. It's only my brother, after all.
I look forward to squeezing the last breath from your throat. Speak with Qui when you are ready; I will be prepared.
Unless you're smart enough to know when you are beaten. If so, take the wise man's path and simply walk away.
I have every right, and Qui will ensure that you are not acclaimed until I am satisfied.
I can... not fall like this. I....
You have done nothing.... I still took your brother... from you.
And I took him back and repaid the favor. Now hurry up and die, magician.
The Serpent's going to be upset at this change. I'm sure things are going to get very interesting around here.
You're even and level headed, which means you won't watch your back. You'll never last.
I thought someone smart enough to *cod6*deal*cod6* with Khana like you did would have had the sense to work with me. You missed your chance at some extra silver like a fool.
Now my division's yours, but not for long, new meat. You'll be torn to shreds by the Sungs and all the other Gold round surprises.
What did you want to see me about?
I prefer to stand.
You asked me to come. I am at least worth your full attention.
If you're proposing I cheat or throw fights, I refuse.
I'm always interested in rewarding opportunities.
I have no interest in working with you.
What if I think I'm the one who should be directing the events around here?
I honestly don't know. He won't tell me.
I don't really care. He's useful; that's all that's important.
I expect the lout killed someone he shouldn't have. That seems his style.
We all have a past. I wouldn't hold his against him.
The first change to the palace since the time of Sagacious Tien, in fact. That's a good reason to break with tradition, and one we all understood.\n
Tien's Landing has seen tough times, but we've always pulled through. This town's spirit is strong.
Consider it a perfectly laid trap, not a weakness. Your master was truly skilled, to mold such a trap into your very being. It is odd he never mentioned it to you.
Sometimes the best masters dare not trust their students with the deepest mysteries. Certain lessons can only be learned if one discovers them for oneself.
I look forward to crossing paths with you. You and I both rose quickly through the ranks. The true test will be in which of us falls and how we handle it.
You are to face Hapless Han next, I hear. Do not underestimate him. His skills are not exceptional, but one cannot question his heart or his drive.
The Guild does not operate so overtly in the rest of the City. I wonder if the organization condones such actions. But such musings are useless. Why have you told me this?
A warrior knows that training is more valuable than silver.
You are skilled indeed.
I will discuss it with him.
My master has many questions to answer when I find him.
And when you're beaten and tired and bloody, that's when I'll take my division back. Just wait and see.
Come over here, we've got something to discuss!
You thought you could mess with Iron Soldier. Ha!
You learned your lesson, didn't you? You can't beat me. Very few people can in this entire Empire. You're welcome to try again, but no deal this time.
You won't leave right away?
What tradition is this?
More cheap tricks? You're sinking to a new low.
There have been other substitutions here, Kai Lan. Mine won't be the first.
Calm down, Serpent, I will be facing you.
On second thought, you will fight for me.
I will be your agent in this.
Frankly, I don't think you can beat him. I'm not leaving my championship in your hands.
You have no right to challenge me at all, Serpent.
Then Black Whirlwind will have his vengeance.
I will face you, then, when I am ready.
Bad play.
Artists can be touchy about their work, and doubly so when it is delivered incorrectly. Your incorrect *cod6*revisions*cod6* to his play prompted Incisive Chorus to refuse you your reward.
Zu
Find an Actor in the Golden Way
An actor named Phong in the rich area of town seeks a replacement actor. He should be near the large pagoda that overlooks the district.
Copies of the original and your revised role as Lady Fourteen Flowers in hand, you have a moment to study up on your role in Incisive Chorus' play.
No, not right now.
Tell me about my next fight.
No, I just want to get to the fight.
Yes, please explain the procedures here.
It is unimportant. All that matters is that he was caught. We don't need to know any more than that. It is a glorious validation of all that we do to serve our masters.
Tell me what you know of Master Li.
You killed him! You... you butchered him right in front of me!
Well, he was a condemned man. I guess... I guess he just got what he deserved.
Uh... if we get any more prisoners, I'll make sure you get first crack at them. Good day.
Executioners don't make much. Most of them aren't in it for the money.
You did not earn the favor of the Inquisitor. Seek the favor of the Lotus Assassin Executioner.
Where did he learn this if Master Li will not teach it?
What do you know about Dawn Star?
I executed him for his crimes.
I want to ask about you.
What do you care? He was a criminal.
That's it? He almost wasn't worth killing.
I have no idea how to actually make muffins.*cod2*
Bake Muffins
I don't want to talk. Less talk, more wine!
Leave me to my drinking!
Pfah! My ship has been trapped in this mud-hole since the dam opened. I'd always hoped the dam could still be closed, but now word comes that it's open forever. Why care?
There is a way out. I'm sure it's at the bottom of this bowl of wine!
I hardly believe that! Hah! Now leave me to my wine.
And don't bother me again! I've got drinking to do!
I am starting to realize the magnitude of what we have done. We killed a man!
What... what do you mean?
You did what? Tell me you are joking! You destroyed my life, my ship, my career... and now you've destroyed me by making me kill a man!
You destroyed my life. There is nothing left for me to do but return the favor.
Don't worry, I won't tell them about your involvement in this.
I did not do this alone! You played a big part in this. You convinced me that this was the only way!
I take full responsibility for my own actions, and I am going to be punished. But we will both always know that you played some small part in this.
Wait! What was that glint I saw in your eye? Was it amusement? What is so funny about this?
You! Merchant! Give me some wine, curse you!
My pleasure, captain.  Have a seat, and I'll bring you a bowl.
Duchess of Ulmsbottom's Rules of Engagement
Mind +3*cod2**cod2* A worn copy of The Duchess of Ulmsbottom's Rules of Engagement. A leather-bound book, its cover emblazoned with two silhouettes of musketeers aiming large blunderbusses at each other in an upright stance. While virtually incomprehensible, some of the diagrams provide excellent examples of the ways in which wars and battles should never be fought.
Cap'm! What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be... battening hatches or somesuch?
Shouldn't you be swabbing... your deck?
Shouldn't you be--
No and no! There is no water, so there is no ship! We're never leaving.... Merchant! Where is that cursed wine!
Yes, yes, here is the wine! Wine for the mighty captain!
Manual of Trepanation
No water. No ship. No captain.
Spirit +3*cod2**cod2*This manual outlines the step by step process for drilling a small hole in the skull that will, in theory, release pressure on the brain, allowing the mind to expand and work more efficiently. Since the treatment goes against all the science understood by the Jade Empire's physicians, you assume that this is a metaphor for deeper mysteries. Your reflection upon the myriad possibilities presented by such a strange procedure has brought you more in tune with your own spirit.
Leave me alone. The ship is trapped, I'm trapped, and wine is all I have.
Does it make you feel good to say things like that?
Do you have something to say, or are you truly just here to taunt me? If so, please go away.
There is no way out. I will never leave this place. I feel as if I've been betrayed, but I don't know how.
The... the merchant? No... I don't think so. I can't kill him. I don't even know if he did anything.
[Success] That's true.... You would have no reason to lie to me. If you say he did this, then he did this.  And so he must die. I thank you for setting me straight.
Fitness for the Upright Gentleman
Body +3*cod2**cod2*A worn copy of Fitness for the Upright Gentleman, a manual of regimented conditioning. This small leather-bound book with the outline of a man in some strange fighting style on the cover contains radical exercises that offer alternate training methodologies that allow you to gain in strength.
[Intuition] Vengeance is all you have left.
It was that man right there: Captain Ing! He's guilty!
I did not see.
Is there a reward if I tell you?
Merchant Jiang attacked the Captain.
Coward.
Very well, I wish you the best.
Never mind. Keep on drinking.
Remember to roll over when you void your bladder.
Very well. I wish you the best.
What seems to be the problem?
You cannot just give up! There must be a way out.
Actually, I'm the one who broke the dam open.
What do you mean, *cod6*we?*cod6* You're the murderer!
I just came to tell you that you are awfully stupid.
I'm the one who trapped you here, not Jiang.
That sounds about right.
An excellent summation. Have fun at the execution.
When you put it like that, it sounds awful!
Nothing, never mind.
I am sorry how things turned out. I'll let you be.
My involvement? You're the murderer!
I did more than that: I'm the one who trapped you here.
You didn't have to listen. Take responsibility for yourself.
I had better go now.
I am grateful; goodbye.
The mighty Captain Ing has fallen apart.
Sorry. Just keep drinking.
Don't give up. You'll find a way out of here!
Merchant Jiang did this to you. You should kill him.
[Charm] I heard him confess, and why would *I* lie?
Qui should have told you that Kai Lan will only see you alone. Are you ready to go in now?
Don't stare at me. I'm not here for your amusement.
Unless you have business with the Serpent, go away.
Go on, don't bother me.
You have no reason to be here, go on.
I hate standing here, but I will be for a long time. Don't tempt my foul mood.
Buy Premade Mix
Goto the store and pick up a mix.
You have bought a pre made muffin Mix. Proceed to bake.
Purchase Ingredients
Goto the store and get everything you need.
You took the manly way! Get Mixing!
Put the flour in
Pour the right amount of flour in the bowl.
Congratulations, you've made muffins!
Put the eggs in
Put the right amount of eggs in the bowl.
Put everything else in the bowl
Put the right amount of everything else in the bowl.
Cook it
Throw it in the oven.
This little man makes my eyeballs itch. I may have to kill him.
They just bring themselves back up as fast as I can put them in. I'll give you a reward for any ghosts you take care of. Eh-heh, you can make good money that way.
There are three main ghosts to deal with: Miss Chan, Merchant Bai, and Mister Ren. I'll give you a reward for each, of course. I know a bit about them, but not that much.
I don't know what happened to it, but it doesn't look good. It just... collapsed! It's a bad omen, there's no doubt about that... and I know about bad omens!\n
I'm... I'm not going to stay around these parts too much longer, I think. Too many strange things are happening for a man to stay healthy for long.
Ah! A customer, yes? Indeed, indeed, indeed! A customer for Merchant Shipeng, who will surely soon be the richest merchant in the square!
I am Merchant Shipeng. I work for Master Jiang. He's cutting me in for some of his business, yes? Ha-ha! He sells the wine, I sell everything else!
I am Merchant Shipeng. Once, I worked for Merchant Jiang, but now he's dead. Very sad. But don't worry, I've taken over his business. You want to buy something?
Yes, yes, and yes! Ha ha! My skill and suavity as a merchant triumphs once more. Master Jiang will be pleased!
Yes, yes and yes! Ha ha! My skill and suavity as a merchant triumphs once more!
Oh no! Master Jiang will beat me. No! Come back!
Oh no! Silver, walking away from me! Come back silver, come back!
You return? It is because Merchant Shipeng is such a fine and wonderful and magnificent merchant! You wish to see my wares, yes?
I'm not interested. Goodbye.
Lishun
For future reference, Doctor An carries a selection of potent ginseng. You'll thank me for that tidbit in twenty years when your, ah...foundation's a little shaky.
Control Menu
Your method traps your opponents into hunting for a weakness they'll never find. You should speak with your master about this. For now, you are deadly enough.
Suit yourself. I try not to worry over minor details. Now, drink?
Well that's good, I guess. Heh, as long as I'm not giving any refunds, of course, eh-heheh. Here's what I promised you.
Business has been more lively lately, with you around, eh-heh. A little gravedigger humor there, see? Lively? Eh-heh, I'm good.
Eh-heh. Drop by anytime. If I ever see a spirit that needs to be put back down again, I'll seek you out.
Hm... not at the moment, no. As for later, who knows? You never can tell with life... or death. Eh-heh.
I'm sure you can find anything you need around here. The Imperial City's as good as the trade hub of Phoenix Gate for selection.
[Success] Uh... yeah... yeah. This doesn't have to get any more bloody than it has to be.
Sure, here. Take this. Now just... just move on your way.
It's a dull story, but people have this funny idea that there's some sort of magic in how I work with animals.\n
[Failure] Ha! I've given you what I promised. A deal's a deal! You haven't earned any more from me!
What? No!
Gufu the Sweet
Imperial Captain Sen has tasked you with finding a confidence man on the run. Creative Yukong apparently bilked a sizable sum of silver out of a Lord Rento and is hiding somewhere in the Imperial City, possibly in disguise.
Creative Yukong's Bounty
An old man approached you after you dealt with both of Captain Sen's bounties. He told you about another wanted criminal named Aishi the Mournful Blade.
Aishi the Mournful Blade
Old Wei
Inform Thespian Phong When You are Ready
There is a scroll stand nearby where you can look over the two scripts side by side. When you have your lines memorized, talk to First Degree Thespian Phong.
The Play is Over
There's no way Incisive Chorus' play would still be looking for a replacement after your time among the Lotus Assassins. They likely went ahead with a different replacement actor.
Dishwasher Wong
Player did not do well, hit all 6 *cod6*goofy*cod6* lines.
The unfortunate part about historical drama is that people tend to know how it should go ahead of the performance. Your completely fabricated lines were ill-received by nearly the entire audience.
They claim I have the reach of three men, able to stop a herd of stampeding bull demons with just my eyes. Hence the name.
If I ever see a spirit that needs to be put back down again, I'll seek you out.
There's no magic to it; anyone who knows will tell you that herding animals is two-thirds watching the eyes. You don't have to reach far if you know where they're going.
I told you it wasn't that interesting a story, didn't I?
Suit yourself. I'll be around if you want to chat again.
Thanks. You get to appreciate peace as you age a bit.
Sell to Store
Ghost
I remember a time when a man could pause to enjoy a moment of peace out behind the arena without interruption.
No help for times changing, I suppose. What can Three Reach Lao do for you?
It's peaceful back here, isn't it? Away from the hustle.
I suppose. What's on your mind?
This massive edifice is the Imperial Arena, one of the great sites of this city.\n
Oh, you again, eh? Well, me and old Tanner Fong here have been talking and well, one thing led to another.
Fong here can stay and work for me for a bit while he tries to clear his name and prove he's not dead.
I know a few people. They might be able to help.
Yeah, yeah, sure. Now that you're working for me, you're gonna have to earn your keep. Now pick up that shovel!
Uh... yeah, yeah, fine.
Heh, best thing is, if he goes and keels over, his grave's already dug! Eh-heheh.
Eh? What is it you want to know?
Never mention that name near me again. In fact, never mention that name within a mile of me! Just by saying his name, you could bring his wrath down on us!
People think the Emperor's forgotten about us, but Sheng is proof we haven't been abandoned.
Now, just ask something else, or leave me be.
Shh! Don't talk about them. They have ears everywhere, even among the dead.
The Emperor's secret assassins, they call them, as silent and mysterious as death... which is exactly what's in store for us if we keep talking about them!
They say no one who's crossed them has ever lived to tell of it. And I'm not going to test the truth of that rumor! Just... talk about something else.
That big monstrosity? They started building it for the Emperor years ago, but after the Emperor freed us from the droughts, they stopped working on it.
Workers started getting sick. Ghosts from the old tombs under it gave 'em a bit of trouble, too.
Before long, no one would go near it, and it never really got finished. Don't know what the Emperor's gonna do when he gets old, but I suppose he knows what's best.
Damn things won't stay dead! You know. You've dealt with them.
I put them down, then they get right back up! It's like they don't have nowhere else to go but *back in my damn house!*
Shanpan
Peasant Yijin
I've heard that more times than you know. Iron Soldier always finds a way back. Always.
You shut your mouth. Youth doesn't last, and you'll learn that hard lesson soon enough.
I'll figure it out as I go along. Skip to the fight.
Do you actually need anything or are you just there to flap your gums?
Peasant Rijin
Merchant Chiu
You don't possess the Dragon Amulet.
Militia Guard
Merchant Cheung
Slave Woman
Hui the Brave
Tai Lu
Townsman
Take good care, sir!
Unblockable: *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Resisted
The Emperor won't allow those slaving pirates to keep attacking the villages. You'll see!
I wish those sailors would just leave me alone, but I guess we're stuck with them until someone closes the dam.
Now that those sailors are gone, it's safe for a girl to walk the streets again.
Help! Help me please! I have to get out of here! I'm trapped with these scary people, and I can't see any way out!
You would try to walk with the gods? This is the arrogance we have been fighting. No!
This can't be right. Not after everything we have done. I will not allow it.
The decision has been made. I'm sorry, but it is necessary.
It must be done. It is the only way to truly secure the Empire.
Struggle as best you can. Your world is in the balance.
An interesting question. You would at least be no worse than those who have tried so far.
It is tempting, I know, but care must be taken. Even the strong willed have misused this energy.
Interesting. This power could be used to strengthen the Empire instead of one man.
I help myself by showing you what has been done in the name of power. Mortals were corrupted beyond care for their fellows, or even for their own brothers.
She... she wants you to be disgusted by Master Li. You can make sure this never happens again.
Water flows from the wound that will not heal in the body that cannot die. Part of me functions as an aspect of our world, elemental in nature.
It was never meant to flow free. It is not infinite. The Jade Empire is green, but somewhere another land goes thirsty. All things are linked.
And someone else suffers our fate while we defy destiny.
Is it... is it possible? Are you... are you the one for whom I have waited?
Your Master awaits you, but he is not yet aware. You have time to alter things to your favor. You have time to set us all on the path to rebirth.
Learn what has come before, and you will understand what must be done now. Follow into the depths, and see what was done in search of my power.
Food Stand
The tombs of the greatest emperors. Here the Empire was built, and here the heart of it is laid to rest. Now that heart is torn out, like another to come.
It was gutted to allow the flow, to guide the water that pours from a crime against the heavens and the order of all things.
What hope is there for the future when the past is cast so roughly aside?
Emperor Sun would not accept that his Empire had to fade so that something new would bloom. He declared war as if the drought was an advancing army.
He and the Glorious Strategist focused on me, the Water Dragon. I symbolized the fading they wanted to avoid, and the regrowth they desperately needed.
I became the answer to everything. Press further, and you will see the source of the lush new Empire under the Brothers Sun.\n
You must see it with your own eyes to comprehend what they have done.
You have turtle eggs? Here? After just saying they are very rare?
The living are the victims. If this is how the past is treated, what can you expect for the future? Nothing done will matter, because it will all be swept aside.
Everything is someone or something's past. This is why mortals cannot wield the power of the gods. They cannot see the complexity of the world.
Bull Construct
Elephant Construct
Why was this done? Where does this water flow from?
Well, I was saving them for my coming anniversary. You buy early if you want them to be... ripe. It doesn't really matter, does it?\n
They have long since gone to the underworld. How would this hurt them?
Perhaps things are too complex and need simplification.
Let Dawn Star fend for herself. If she is strong, she'll survive.
You blame Master Li? Didn't Emperor Sun place you here?
What do you think I can do about this?
I will do what is necessary to restore the order of things.
How is he controlling that power?
Emperor Sun had your power for twenty years, and I destroyed him.
Then that is what I will do. There is no doubt in my mind.
If Li is using the amulet I no longer need, could I control the power too?
I will not tempt myself. I will destroy your body as you wish.
In Dirge, blood in the fountains suppressed your power without destroying it.
A human should decide human destiny, no matter the cost.
It is my decision alone whether I take this path or not!
I was merely exploring options. I will destroy the body.
Dawn Star will do.
I have a demon and the Black Whirlwind. They will ensure my will is obeyed!
Your spirit seems strong. Why can't you help yourself?
This water feeds the Empire? This was why the drought ended?
I have no one inside me, except for the Guardian and... the Other. But some of these people, the ghosts inside them cause so much pain...
Spirits know many things, but how to assault a fortress does not appear to be one of them.
Follow her, and take someone with you, but whoever you leave behind should take another route. That way, they don't get behind you, and we'll all get equal fighting.
You don't know the palace. You will wander aimlessly.
I always wander aimlessly, and I always find my way. Besides, we've been here before.
We'll be lucky to see him again.
You're lucky to see me now, Princess. I'm not known for leaving my company alive.
Fighting in the heart of the palace... I never thought I would visit, and now I'm storming its walls for the second time!
It is not a task I wanted, but we have no choice.
Minister Sheng wishes you a fond farewell. Be sure you experience the full wonders of the Imperial City while you're here.
Back again? While Minister Sheng appreciates the sight of a familiar face, I'm afraid I don't have much time to talk. I must prepare my report for Judge Fang.
And by *cod6*prepare my report,*cod6* I actually mean *cod6*keep watch over the honor gift I'm going to present to him.*cod6* It's far too valuable to leave in the care of these rent-a-soldiers!
Please excuse me. Judge Sheng really doesn't have the time to chat. I must make preparations for my transfer back to the Imperial City.
Have you heard the news? Judge Fang is gone, and his replacement is none other than... me! Minister Sheng finally gets his just reward!
Or should I say Judge Sheng! At last, my triumphant return to the Imperial City! So many things to prepare, so many things to do.
Yes, Minister--I mean, Judge--Sheng has earned it! After the suffering of my great exile, the Imperial City welcomes me back to its bosom.
You'd think that would bother me, wouldn't you? But Minister--I mean, Judge--Sheng doesn't care, as long as I'm back in the Imperial City.
Please, Minister Sheng is in no mood to speak. Reports have come in that Fang is dead, and I live in terror at the thought of who his replacement might be.
What if the new head of the Ministry of Harmony hates me even more than Fang? It's possible, you know... Minister Sheng is not well liked.
It could be Judge Fong. That would be bad. Or Judge Feng. That would be worse. Or maybe even... Judge Fyung!
Alas, Sheng is not so delusional as to believe in that outcome. Now, if you don't mind, I would prefer to ponder my fate without your whimsical interruptions.
You're back. Have you considered my offer? I'm willing to pay you a large reward if you close the dam.
I wanted you to close the dam so I could take my ship and my men and leave this place. I'm willing to pay you a substantial reward. Have you... reconsidered my offer?
Such disrespect. I never imagined my father would allow this to happen.
Such disrespect. This was done after Master Li ran from the Emperor, but he must have known it would be needed.
To show such disrespect... Where would they take the Empire from here?
Room had to be made. The old is cast aside.
Bah! Everyone knows corpses spoil water. It's nothing new.
The Jade Empire was built on tradition. I do not know this new land.
A statement rolled in the readily apparent and dipped in the blatantly obvious. If you don't mind, I would prefer to ponder my fate without your oh-so-helpful observations.
Have you... have you dealt with Judge Fang? Not that Minister Sheng wants to know anything about it, of course.
Chai Ka: A land is defined by the strength of its traditions. When those are gone, how do the people recognize it?
Ya Zhen: Useless decaying flesh. Mortals lose their appeal once the soul is no longer present to toy with.
What... have they done to this creature?
Such a brutal display. Now I truly know the depths to which my father went.
I have never seen such a sight. I never imagined....
Now *that* would have been something to fight.
Chai Ka: A horror beyond imagining, even beyond the realms of man.
Ya Zhen: An epic cruelty. I have never seen such a thing. Genius.
Of course. Say no more. The less Minister Sheng knows about this, the better. But... please hurry.\n
If you take too long, the Lotus Assassins might become nervous. I'm afraid to think what they might do to me to calm their fears!
Judge Fang is probably over in the arena, watching the fights. Not that Minister Sheng said anything about that, of course!
But you... we had a... you can't... guards! Guards! Minister Sheng needs help!
I... have seen enough. Time to go, yes? Please?
This is... amazing. For such a creature to be mishandled so... the arrogance of the family Sun knows no bounds.
I have never seen such a crime against the proper order of things.
Such a clumsy means to power. They had to know this act would be punished.
Every freedom I cherish is violated by this.
There can be no doubt that this calls for vengeance.
As was commanded, the beast was cut open to sustain the Empire. For the good of all, the greatest evil.
Chai Ka: It is... the saddest violation of a gentle creature. When the makers fall... what then?
Ya Zhen: I marvel at the mind that came up with this. To cast his gaze so far above his station to his own makers is... admirable.
I'm sure the battle against the beast was epic, but stringing up the fallen is not the warrior's way.
I can't leave the wonders of the Imperial City behind again. Not like this. I refuse to go back to Tien's Landing!
My eyes were not meant to see this.
There is no other reasonable response to such an abomination.
I will stay right here until Judge Fang returns to hear my report! Surely he can't hold a grudge forever... can he?
Minister Sheng is so pleased to be back in the Imperial City that he even forgives you for not closing the Great Dam back in Tien's Landing.
Such power wasted. No one involved deserved it.
However, I'm afraid I don't have time to speak with you right now. I have to prepare my report for Judge Fang... by which I mean to watch over this honor gift.
Our work is undone, but we were doomed from the beginning.
Yes, a valuable offering for the mighty Judge Fang. Without it, he might turn me away before I can even make my report, condemning me to the horrors of Tien's Landing forever!
But with this gift, he is certain to appreciate the depth of my admiration and respect. So much so, that he might give me a new posting right here in the Imperial City!
Understandably, with so much riding on this gift, I am loathe to leave it in the care of these Imperial soldiers appointed to watch over me during my visit.
Chai Ka: Death and renewal. It is the only acceptable outcome.
Triggers toggle Combat and Explore modes.
Thanks, but I'll pass.
I'd rather stick a flaming sword in my eye.
How dare you talk like that to me, peasant!
I don't know any eligible women.
What are you doing in Tien's Landing?
I don't talk with peasants!
This town isn't crowded; it's practically deserted!
I know a woman who is looking for a husband.
Uh... sure.
I don't know. We'd have to ask her.
Forget it. She's all wrong for you.
I could help you, if the price is right.
I'm too busy for this nonsense.
I should be going now.
Can't say I'm surprised; I'm not the kind of wife most men are looking for. If you want to give up that's fine. I won't hold it against you.\n
But if you happen to find any eligible bachelors, bring them by so I can meet them. Remember: Find me a husband and I'll make it worth your while.
I don't think I can help you.
Yes
No
You are well informed about our little town, stranger. It's true I've thought about marriage. Sometimes I've even thought a good woman could help me run my business better.
Why do you bring this up? Do you know of a suitable young woman who would be willing to marry a simple craftsman like myself?
Ai Ling? The gang leader? She's beautiful, to be sure... but I've heard her beauty is only surpassed by her savage brutality! Why would I want to marry her?
[Success] She is? Well, I suppose the rumors about her criminal activities are greatly exaggerated. And she is an attractive woman.\n
Lotus Inquisitor Recruiter
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*Many in the Jade Empire have heard of Legendary Strike, but few have actually seen it in action. Fewer still have mastered this martial style, but those who have are to be feared; their blows rain down too fast to block, and their kicks can quickly put an opponent out for good.
Support Style*cod2*Does direct damage in Chi Strike mode*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo.*cod2**cod2*This esoteric style has a sinister reputation, but many more peaceful masters prefer it for its ability to render an opponent helpless without killing him. More unscrupulous masters take advantage of this style's paralyzing blows to weaken foes for the killing blow. It is designed around its magical palm strikes, which can stop a man in his tracks with a single hit.
It could be worse, I guess. At least we don't have to worry about the pirates anymore, thanks to you.
Make no trouble here in Tien's Landing. We've had enough.
Every day I hear the sound of the cocks crowing, the peasants singing... and the minister wailing.
The Minister isn't a bad sort, if you can learn to ignore the sobbing.
I work for the Ministry of Harmony. So leave me alone.
Why did you leave Phoenix gate?
How long have you taught here?
Princess Sun Lian/Silk Fox will take you to the palace where Master Li is secured, but only after she has information to prove to her father that Death's Hand is a traitor to the Empire.
I want to go back to my previous questions.
Are there students available to spar with?
I will spar with a single student.
I need some practice against multiple opponents.
Two will be enough for this bout.
Three will be about right.
Four. I will see how I manage against all four.
You look like you could handle yourself in a pinch. Maybe you should join up! Look for a fellow named Qui the Promoter if you want to fight.\n
When you're new to the city, everything. When you've been here a while, nothing.
Please. I am an old man with nothing left but my memories of a better time. Do not do this to me.
Too bad you're such a victim, or you could take it back.
Foolish peasants.
Lotus Apprentice
Look at all these people! And I'm the only server in the place! If Dutong doesn't start running things better, I'm going to quit!
Those sailors are the worst! They're rude and crude, and they don't keep their hands to themselves!
Things are so much better now that those sailors are gone! Who told them it was okay to pinch me, anyway?
Things are so much better now! Only Old Mother knows how to run this place right!
I am so glad that Old Mother is back in charge. She deserves this teahouse, and honestly, this teahouse needs her!
Everything is right again. Thank you for putting Old Mother Kwan back in charge.
I swear, if one more person complains about how long it takes to get their order, I'm going to quit!
You abandoned the children? You sicken me!
Seamstress Lan
I hate to put words in other people's mouths, but it's obvious that Gao does not favor you. Master Li has been a mediator of sorts, but Gao responds poorly to authority.
I respect your skill but, as I said, I don't know any of the students very well. Most everyone seems to respect you.
He is one man and guides his students well. My last school had two masters who feuded all the time. It made learning very difficult.
You must be making up stories. Is this a joke you play on new students? I'm from the Imperial City. I know what happened to the Emperor's brothers.
The Emperor lost both of his brothers, Sun Li the Glorious Strategist and Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven, when he cured the land of drought. It was a great sacrifice to make.
I still think you are making fun of me. Nothing I heard in the Imperial City about the Emperor's brothers would suggest that it's true.
It's funny, but I still want to look over my shoulder. I have to remember that we are a long way from the ears of the Lotus Assassins.
There's already enough darkness without making up stories about shadows, in my opinion. Try Lin; she seems very interested in the ghosts.
I honestly didn't pay much attention during history lessons at my previous school. You could always ask in the town. Old Ming loves talking about the past.
I'm honored that you should ask. What do you want to know?
The school I attended in the Imperial City was becoming mired in politics, so my mother sent me out to the country instead. *cod6*Politics is dangerous,*cod6* she always said.
Oh, I don't know. It just seems like the city is changing. Strange people. Strange machines. These are interesting times. I think she just wanted to know that I'd be safe.
That won't be for a long time, but I'll probably return to the Imperial City. Perhaps I'll join the Imperial Guard. It's hard to think that far ahead.
Again? I didn't think my life was that interesting.
Yes. Goodbye.
Goodbye. I hope you find Dawn Star.
I don't waste Master Li's time. I just feel very new to the school. If time is so valuable here, then I won't waste any more of yours.
I will just have to work twice as hard to catch up to your level of skill. Even then it will take a long time to be your match. How long have you studied with Master Li?
Even a kind statement would be harsh put so bluntly. I don't need to suffer this. Goodbye.
I will learn what I can to the best of my ability. If you have nothing constructive to add to that, I see no reason to speak with you.
I hear one of your ilk has either gone missing or run off. That's never good news, since there's nothing more exciting than this town for miles.
I'm not sure I know anything that will help.
With the exception of Gao, everyone is here. Come to think of it, he gathered his things awfully quickly after he was expelled.
Again, all I can think is that Gao left awfully quickly. Beyond that, everyone else is accounted for, except Dawn Star.
By foot there is only one path, and it leads down to the swamps. I have never gone that far.
I don't think so. Perhaps she is at her garden? I do not know her well, but I see her there often. Ask Gao, if he is in a mood to speak. I saw him heading that way.
I'm sorry, but I haven't seen her since you last asked.
I don't know anyone else who displays the skill you do. Perhaps Gao, but he lacks discipline. That is why he still wears the robes of a junior student, despite his ability.
Dawn Star would be next, with few able to match her delicate moves. Beyond that, the only other person I know well is Smiling Mountain, the sparring master.
You learned in the cave how single gems are viewed as trinkets and used by self-professed healers and would-be sorcerers, but you can unlock their full potential.
I know she is sensitive to things the rest of us can't see. Sometimes I feel sorry for her. It obviously makes her feel *cod6*different,*cod6* and that's not right.
I think she was given a gift. Like responsibility, it may not always be pleasant, but it's something she should be proud of. It shouldn't isolate her.
No style selected
As I said, I sometimes feel sorry for her. She's such a caring person that she shouldn't have to feel different from others.
I've heard about and seen your skill, but I haven't been here long enough to know much more. Most of the students seem to appreciate your abilities.
Unless she can run like a wolf, you'd better hope she's hiding. There's not much close to town but the swamp and endless fields.
Since my wife died, gossip stopped moving around this town as fast as it once did, but I've still managed to hear that you're going into the cavern beneath the school.
Tell me about the Emperor's brothers.
What do people from the capital think of the Empire?
Do you know anything about rumors of ghosts?
What can you tell me about the history of the Empire?
You're fairly new here. Tell me some more about yourself.
What brought you to this school?
Listen well, girl. That cave's no place for delicacy. Be sure you're at your best before you face your master's test in there.
Take care, I'll talk to you later.
Mark me, boy. All the rumors about that cave say it's a place unfit for life. Be at your best before trying your master's test.
There were students under other masters who never came back from that hole in the ground.
Forgive me. I spoke out of turn. You did not deserve that.
I don't wish to argue, but I am correct.
It will be easier if you just accept that you will never be my match.
Showed those cursed bandits a thing or two, didn't you? Ha! Brought a smile to this old face.
Eh? What now?
Merchant Fen Do should have some, but don't let him talk you into clippings of bearded tongue grass. That won't do at all.
Red silk grass will actually bind the wound and make it so she can get back to her practices. That's why you want it.
I hear you won your last match. Everyone's been talking about it.
Sorry to hear your last match wasn't that successful. Better luck next time.
How well do you know the others at this school?
What do you think of Dawn Star?
Why do you say that?
I am not interested in money! This... this girl. Her life energy is so vibrant, yet so frail. She is too young to have such a cruel fate.
You! I... I must thank you for what you have done for my daughter, she... she has recovered... in a way.
Have you heard anything special about me?
Who doesn't?
Since you're new, I'm interested to hear your thoughts on Master Li.
Ruins Key
Filter - All Completed Quests
Fine, give me some advice.
Ruin Gate
As I told you before, my part in this is done. It was an honor to serve Sun Li, but it's a relief to know my mission is complete and my life is once again my own.
The full extent of what the Glorious Strategist knows is beyond my mind to comprehend; he is without peer. All I know is that I had instructions to wait for you.
[Inside this coffin is the body of Zeng Sai, the Tree that Defies the Fire. Even now, you can feel hatred coming from the warlord's spirit.]
Now the Lotus Assassins have drained the lake and exposed the ruins of old Tien's Landing. It seems they are searching for this piece of the Spirit Monk amulet too.
It is coming on fifteen years now. As I said, I learned the location of the amulet after the monk died in old Tien's. It has been difficult, serving and waiting in silence.
My assignment is to give you information to help you acquire the amulet. I will gladly answer whatever questions I can.
You have gems, but not the amulet piece? The Lotus Assassins must have taken it before you got there.
Sun Li warned me that others might come, but all is not lost. The Lotus Assassins have a piece of the amulet, but so do you. Victory is far from decided.
Whatever the outcome may be, my part in these events is over. Now that you have been to the ruins, I may finally take my leave of this town.
I have served Sun Li for many years, but there comes a time when all service must end. My final task was to direct you to the ruins; now I am no longer bound.
I have nothing to tell you that would serve any purpose. My final service to your Master was to direct you to the ruins, and that task is done.
I will give you what guidance and information I can, but that is all I will do.
Are you saying Li knew he'd be kidnapped?
[Take the body and return to the Soul Extractor.]
I should go to the ruins and try to find this amulet piece.
How long have you been waiting for me?
I'd like some wine.
I've been to the ruins. I found these gems.
The Lotus Assassins already took the amulet from the ruins.
Where are you going?
Wait! I have some questions before you go.
[Leave the body alone.]
I want to ask you something else.
I do not fully understand how it functions, but I am not meant to. I obey, and that is enough.
What are the stages of drunkenness again?
You can make him sober again?
Give Master Dutong some peasants' wine.
Give Master Dutong the Imperial seasoned spirits.
Give Master Dutong the restorative.
Let's send Dutong some drinks.
Give me some advice.
What does that mean?
Hello, young one. My name is Kwan, but everyone calls me Old Mother Kwan. I'd like you to call me that too, okay?
Welcome to my teahouse--oh, that's not right. No, not anymore. Sorry about the confusion, dearie. What I meant to say was, *cod6*Welcome to Master Dutong's teahouse.*cod6*
Hello again, my child. It's always nice to see you young folk visiting Old Mother Kwan's teahouse. Oh... I mean, Master Dutong's teahouse.
Sorry about that, dearie. Sometimes my old mind forgets that the teahouse isn't mine anymore.
Yes, yes. I owned the teahouse for many, many years. At least, I thought I did. But then Master Dutong came to town with that Imperial Writ. Oh my, wasn't that a shock!
Turns out his family owns this land. They have for hundreds of years. The land is his, along with everything on it. So now he owns my teahouse, too.
He was nice enough to let me stay on here as a helper. I steep the tea, Yanwan takes the orders, and Master Dutong... well, he mostly just drinks his wine.
Oh, I steep the tea and help clean the tables when Yanwan gets too busy. Pretty much what I used to do back when I owned the place.
No one knew! This was just an empty patch of rock for hundreds of years. Who would have thought the Empire had deeded it to anyone? But Master Dutong came along with his writ.
Now why would I do such a thing? I can't even imagine anyone being so horrible they'd forge an Imperial Writ. No, I'm sure the land belongs to Master Dutong.
That is very nice of you, my child, but what could you do? I would love to have my teahouse back, but it belongs to Master Dutong now. You can't argue with an Imperial Writ.
Eh, who are you? An acolyte not even in robes, yet? Go sweep up after the golems. You don't have the authority to order anything from me.
Tomb
Be sure to have some tea before you go! I have a special blend that combines... oh, I forgot; Master Dutong spilled wine all over it. I'm sorry, never mind.
M-master? Are you taking us to the Lotus Assassins?
I trust you and your ability, but we didn't talk much and... well, it doesn't matter now. Keep your focus where you need it. I will say no more.
You've given me back the only thing I ever cared about... and you've done a service for this town, too. I'm going to turn this place back into a respectable, quality teahouse!
I don't have much; the only reward I can offer is my humble thanks. That, and a promise that you will always be welcome here at Old Mother Kwan's.
A... a forgery? Are you certain?
I'm not sure what I want to say. I'm sorry we didn't come to know each other better. It has been so long since we last spoke alone.
I just want... to wish you well and leave it at that. You need to focus on getting the evidence against Death's Hand so we can rescue Master Li.
That's sweet of you. But there's nothing I could tell you, short of how to steep a nice tea. Don't waste your time gabbing with Old Mother Kwan.
What do you do here?
You didn't know he owned the land when you built the place?
Did you check the writ to make sure it was real?
That was lucky. I'll be ready for you next time.
I'm going to speak to Dutong about this.
I may be drunk, but that doesn't mean I *am* a drunk! Because I'm not. Well, just a little bit. But I'm brave too! I'm going to go close the Great Dam and save the town.
What? Thank you... thank you so much. I knew someone would stop them, someone kind and honest.
Be careful, fool! One distraction and I could have been crushed!
I should go now.
It was nothing. I was glad to help.
Just remember that you owe me.
Dutong's writ was a forgery.
Dutong confessed. The teahouse is yours again.
You used to own this teahouse?
If you want tea, have a seat. The serving girl will be by directly... if I don't fire her first, the useless wench! I should have replaced her the day I took over this teahouse!
I am Three Sheets Dutong, proud owner of this quaint little teahouse. I recently acquired it from Old Mother Kwan, the elderly lady steeping tea over there in the corner.
Oh, certainly. The Imperial Writ is four hundred years old, and I just carry it around with me all the time and show it to complete strangers. Please!
The writ is locked safely away, as I told Mother Kwan. I'm not about to bring it out on your request! Now, if you will just leave me to my drinking...
No, not the writ. Let's not talk about that. It's my shecret shame. Just the thought of that writ brings tearsh to my eyes! It tearsh at my poor, miserable soul!
Oh, I'm a deshpicable pershon! A bad, bad man. The writ... it'sh a fake! A forgery. I made it all up!\n
What a truly horrible thing to say to me! Especially when I'm sober! The very notion that I, Three Sheets Dutong, could do such a thing is... well, it is unthinkable!
Not bad, but not good enough. Keep practicing, and maybe you will get good enough to give me a real challenge.
It must be something in the way you carry yourself. Everywhere we go people ask you to do dangerous things. Remind me not go anywhere with you.
Gak! Acchhkkugth! I hate that restorative potion! Ugh! That stuff tastes like vomit baked in a glaze of goat hair and garnished with a sprinkling of horse dung.
And now I have the strangest memory... as if I... oh no. Did I... did I say anything to you, stranger? Anything about, oh, I don't know... an Imperial Writ?
What? No! I never said any such thing!
Ah, I see what you're after! Oh yes, Three Sheets Dutong was not born yesterday--or the day before that! Indeed, we are speaking the language of commerce.
I will give you a great deal of silver to keep this little secret from getting out. Lots of silver for both of you, if you keep quiet about this.\n
Here you go. Yes, yes, take it. And now I consider this matter done with. Now, please go away. I have a pounding headache.
I don't think we have anything to say to each other. If people see us speaking together they might get suspicious about our... business.\n
Why do you persist in troubling me? All I want is to be left alone with a steady stream of wine flowing my way. Is that too much to ask in my own teahouse?
You own this teahouse?
Can I see the writ granting you ownership of this place?
Yes. You told me it was a fake.
You disgust me, Dutong. We won't sell Mother Kwan out like this!
Give us the silver, Dutong, and we won't say anything.
Nope, not a thing.
[Intuition] Maybe you'll feel better if you tell me about it.
I think you conned Old Mother Kwan.
People change. Some for the better, some not.
I suppose they do. Especially if what we learned from Jia is true.
I don't wish to delay collecting on the Princess'... generous offer, but please speak with me before you go to the Necropolis. This troubles me.
I suppose it is wise to secure the recommendation of both, but please speak to me before you enter the fortress. This troubles me.
The Emperor is a wise and powerful man. How else could he have solved the drought so many years ago? I wasn't born then, but I've heard the stories.
It's true that he hasn't been seen much recently, but I don't think it's anything to worry about. It's not like the Empire is falling apart in his absence.
Maybe he's just taking a rest from all the hard work he's done. Nobody deserves a rest more than the Emperor.
I think they are just rumors. I haven't seen any ghosts at all, angry or otherwise. If the ghosts are angry about something, why aren't they here right now?
Come to think of it, I don't know any one person who's even *seen* a ghost.
I prefer to spend my time and energy on things that are real. Designing a new prototype flying machine, now, that's important!
Sure. What would you like to know?
All right, then, goodbye.
I apologize. The masters always remind me not to get ahead of myself. What is it you would like to know?
Sure thing! I've got some terrific stuff.
Hello again. I was just finishing up some calculations for my new prototype, but I have a few minutes if you needed something.
Good to see you. I was hoping we might meet again. I want to talk to someone about flyers.
If I had known you were fighting in the arena, I would have placed all my money on you! Then I wouldn't have to beg for funding for my prototype flyer!
Oh well. I suppose I should be grateful that I got to meet the arena champion. What can I do for you today?
Hey, someone said you're dealing with the Assassins now. I'd be careful if I were you. They can be a nasty group.
They don't bother us much, but I still wouldn't want to work with them.
There's something strange going on at the Lotus Assassin fortress. I saw smoke rising earlier.
I wouldn't want to be the person responsible for that, but just between you and me, I know a lot of people are glad to see it happen.
That Outlander had some very interesting inventions, but I'm still glad to see that he's stopped insulting our people.
You've made quite a few friends by getting rid of him... including me. Is there anything I can help you with?
Could I ask you a few questions?
Just tell me about the important places.
Tell me about the city services.
I'd like to go back to my other questions about the city.
Let's go back to my first questions.
What can you tell me about Death's Hand?
Have you heard any interesting rumors lately?
What else can you tell me about the Emperor?
So, you don't believe the ghosts are angry?
May we go back to my first questions?
I must be going. Good fortune to you.
Slow down. I need to ask you something.
Focus Shrine
Want and desire have nothing to do with it. A greater power commands me. You are the one I was summoned for, so I must obey.
Dutong was smart to run off like that. If we ever catch him, he'll pay for what he did to Mother Kwan!
Dutong claims he's going to turn this teahouse into a tavern. Can't see the difference myself.
If it wasn't for the pirates, I'd have left long ago. But I don't want to get caught and sold into slavery!
Now that the pirates are gone, I'm thinking of leaving Tien's Landing. Not sure where I'll go, though.
They say the ruins are haunted. I wonder if it's true.
I wonder if Mother Kwan is looking to hire another waitress. I bet she'd pay me a decent wage.
I asked Dutong for a job, but he's too cheap to pay for more than one waitress.
With the dam closed, the economy here's picking up. Maybe I can finally get a decent job!
I thought those sailors might have a job for me, but they'll only pay a girl for one thing, and I'm not interested!
Captain Ing says we can't come to the teahouse, but I don't listen to him anymore!
You bringin' me a drink? No? Then go away.
Look at these townsfolk glarin' at us! It ain't our fault we're stuck here!
That waitress is a fine looking wench, ain't she? Doesn't like sailors much, though.
Stuck in this backwater town, and the place doesn't even have a decent tavern.
Ing better figure out a way to get our ship back on the water quick... or I'm going to snap!
You're a pretty looking thing. You'd be prettier if you were bringin' me a drink, though.
You're no villager. You stuck here, too? Nothing worse than bein' trapped in a dead-end village like this.
Um... well. I have no idea where you'd find them. Honestly, I wouldn't want to know either. Could we talk about something else?
I... just don't want to say something I shouldn't. If you really want to know, go ask someone else. I'm not talking about it anymore.
What's the matter? Why can't you tell me?
Long the Lout
Dirge - Inner Courtyard
That... that scoundrel! No wonder he left here so fast! Cheating an old woman out of her hard-earned living... the very nerve!
People, listen to me: Master Dutong has left. For good. And, thanks to this brave young man here, the teahouse is mine again!
Arena
Oh, I'm Scholar Zenyu. I'm one of the newer scholar elites. I was actually born in the poor quarter, but my uncle brought me here when I was only ten.
He knew I would never have a chance at a real life unless I had some proper schooling. I've lived here with him ever since.
And of course, there are several shops and merchants with all manner of supplies available. All of that can be found in the Market District.
If you're interested in fighting, you should speak with Qui the Promoter. You can find him in the Heart of the Empire Tavern most of the time.
Who are you? What is it you do here?
I saw what happened with Dutong. I'm surprised a student of Sun Li would cheat an old woman. Not that I much care; you have more important tasks before you.
I suppose you have done a just thing here. But remember: Sun Li needs you, and he is in terrible danger. You have important tasks before you.
Ah, so you are the one who will debate the Outlander. I am the fifth of your five judges.
A great victory in the debate. A win in combat would be a fine way to finish.
Your performance in the debate was not up to the challenge. I hope you fare better in combat.
Bridge Control
Gao! That spoiled little noisy cricket! He hit me without cause!
Three Reach Lao
Another distraction, another delay? Very well, but hurry up about it. I've a continent to educate and I don't have all day.
Well, what shall be my first point of contention? I know! The most basic of concerns for a culture, the currency of its economy.
What manner of society would use the silver coin as the basis of trade? Gold is clearly superior, which you admit by using it for important statuary.
Your understanding of what determines value is flawed. Your rebuttal?
What! My monocle must be fogged. I can't see anyone in my favor.
It appears they have reached a consensus against you, Sir Roderick.
Hmm. Clearly these people are incapable of fairly comparing one of their own to an outsider. This is a farce!
Well, it would seem that a majority of your fellows have decided your arguments were more persuasive. I expected no less.
Well, that is all there is to it! You have failed to convince a majority of your own fellows that I am wrong!
We are done, and I have thoroughly trounced you! You and your nearsighted fellows could not defeat a single one of my points!
This will be the final topic. If you don't have a majority at the end of this round, you will have to admit that I have outdone you.
A simple criticism: your ridiculous clothes. Not a decently puffed pair of trousers to be seen! I ask you, what have you done on the pantaloon front?
And why do you remain so clean when any sane man knows the only way to keep devils of the dark at bay is to be brash and to carry the air of the earth.
Bathing is bad for the humors, as well. Do you people know nothing of maintaining your bile?
Hah! All agree with me! Your downfall is assured! On to the next topic!
Well, a majority on your side, but the debate is not over yet.
I call attention to the arrogance of your Empire. You simply assume that all lands outside your borders are the domain of barbarians and monsters.
How can you truly know they are uncivilized until you've proven it by conquest, crushed them beneath your heel?
You sit here thinking while far off lands yearn for direction. Not unlike what I am attempting with you.
Shall I draw attention to your foolish reliance on personal combat? You've got strange dragon powder arms, but you waste them on spectacle and flying chariots.
Any decently civilized people would have developed a proper array of personal sidearms by now, like old Mirabelle here.
I challenge your foolish beliefs and the irrational behaviors they produce. Dragons, spirits, and even talk of unresting dead. Bah!
Just look at the collective foolishness that you call a floating palace! The constant superstitious yammering of your peasants even has *me* seeing it!
And how the bloody hell would you get a moat up there? Ridiculous, I say!
I say that you don't seem to understand the relationship between the ruling class and the peasantry. Your commoners are far too happy to be productive.
A proper spiral of misery shows that they are doing a decent day's work. Your peasants only suffer because of foolish superstitions about the dead walking around.
Well, you are clearly in the minority, but I can spare no quarter. To the next topic.
I shall endeavor to enlighten you.
I'll expose you for the fool you are.
I'm not ready. Wait for a moment.
[Sympathetic] Please understand that true value transcends currency.
[Sympathetic] We prefer social considerations over scaring spirits.
[Mocking] Devils, friends, family; I wager you keep them all away.
[Dismissive] An attack about clothes? Hardly worthy of debate.
[Factual] Why fear any spirit scared off by simple odors?
[Raging] Your odor is a choice? Sickening fool!
[Sympathetic] We do not wish to impose ourselves on others.
[Mocking] We know Outsiders are uncivilized. Look at you.
[Dismissive] Your attempt is failing. How does this strengthen your argument?
[Factual] Such expansion must be controlled. The conquered are volatile.
[Raging] We don't want to earn the same hatred we feel for you!
[Sympathetic] We don't want such destruction unleashed on our land.
[Mocking] You are obviously hiding a lack of ability elsewhere.
[Dismissive] Simple toys. We have no use for them.
[Factual] At close range the advantage you claim to have disappears.
[Raging] A coward's trinket! We would feed it to you!
[Sympathetic] We apologize, but only you govern your own eyes.
[Mocking] You are debating your own eyes!
[Dismissive] See what you want. We know what is real.
[Factual] Overwhelming evidence supports our local beliefs.
[Raging] Show us a wonder of your own or be silent!
[Sympathetic] Perhaps you don't understand the plight of the poor.
[Mocking] Newborns know more of our people than you.
[Dismissive] This topic is as irrelevant as the peasants you speak of.
[Factual] We don't feel misery is so useful a tool.
[Raging] Whip your own servants? You understand nothing!
[Mocking] Your stance betrays a worship of gold. Laughable!
[Dismissive] Bah! You have no understanding of us.
[Factual] Scarcity proves gold should be reserved for higher purposes.
[Raging] Ignorant fool! You are the poor man here!
Sir Roderick Ponce Von Fontlebottom the Magnificent Bastard will do no such thing. He means to educate you all.
Try not to dig a hole you can't get out of. If you can't get everyone to agree with you, just focus on getting as many as you can.
Yes, make certain you are ready. The Outlander will be a challenging opponent.
A triumph all around. This Outlander cannot ignore how complete your victory was.
What kind of arguments do you favor?
What strategy can you offer?
I should get ready. Goodbye.
I greet you. My name is Scholar Cai, and I will be the fourth of five judges for the debate. I suggest you don't mess it up.
Are you implying that I am predisposed to be weak in certain areas? I can't accept that. Some of my fellows, however, are another story.
Some arguments may win a judge's favor while turning another away. Vary your topics so that you don't end up manipulating the same judges over and over.
The Outlander uses flawed logic. Don't allow him to taint this forum of culture and intellect.
I have no doubt that you will take this Outlander to task in combat. Give him no ground.
I hope you are a better fighter than orator. You certainly could not fare much worse.
The contest is over and you performed flawlessly. I am impressed.
I will get ready for the debate. Goodbye.
Greetings to you. I am Scholar Heng, and I will be serving as the second of five judges for the debate. I look forward to honorable discourse.
Ah, you are wise to ask. My tastes are very specific. My mind is only engaged by proper use of fact.
Cite deliberate fact and my vote is always swayed one way or the other. The consideration of real details engages me.
Try to choose your arguments in a sequence that eventually turns everyone in your favor. Don't worry about losing a vote on a single topic.
Good luck against the Outlander. He is a... tenacious speaker.
A masterful use of intellect. If you beat the Outlander in combat, you will shame him totally.
It is a shame you could not beat the Outlander. I hope you are better at combat than you are at debating.
You have completely routed the Outlander. I commend you on your masterful intellect and martial skills.
Oh, this is exciting. I've never been asked to jury a debate before, and now I'm the third of your five judges. My name is Scholar Zou.
I am always impartial, but some of my fellows are easy to goad into decisions, if you know their tastes.
The Minister is particularly fond of confrontational arguments. Respond in a rage and you are sure to engage him.
I've argued in this group of scholars many times before. We are so used to each other that we will change opinions just to further the debate.
Don't worry so much about what you are saying when you respond. Just concentrate on how you say it.
Good luck. This should be an interesting debate.
You won the debate against the Outlander! I hope you teach him a lesson in combat, as well.
The debate did not go your way, but I hope you at least beat the Outlander in combat.
You have secured a great victory for the Empire. The Outlander *has* to respect us now.
He is an insult to our accomplishments as a people. If you fail in the debate, at least take him to task physically.
Remember, you need a majority of judges on your side at the end of six topics.
When you've been here as long as I have, you only remember what you *did*, and you keep on doing that. That's cities for you.
Configuration of the Rat
Configuration of the Ox
Configuration of the Tiger
Return To Master Li
Is there something else you wanted? As the second of the five judges I eagerly await the debate.
I understand you bested the Outlander in combat. It's a shame you didn't beat him in the debate as well.
Is there anything else you want? As the third of the five judges I am eager to begin the debate.
I enjoyed your fight with the Outlander, but I wish you had beaten him in the debate as well.
Is there something else? You shouldn't waste time. As the fourth of the five judges I will be glad when this debate with the Outlander is over.
A small measure of redemption, I suppose. Perhaps he will acknowledge we are competent in our savagery.
Is there something else you want? As the fifth of the five selected judges, I am eager for the debate to begin.
You redeemed yourself somewhat by scoring a victory in combat, but it is still a shame you could not best the Outlander in the debate.
Greetings, and welcome to the Scholars' Garden. I am Philosopher Jiao, one of the many masters you will see here during your visit.
I see by your accoutrements that you are not from the Imperial City. I hope your visit here is one of fulfillment and success.
Of course. What would you like to know?
I'm afraid I would not be the best person to ask, but there are others to whom I could direct you.
You could ask young Scholar Zenyu. He spends a good deal of time in the city enjoying worldly pursuits, though he does not think his masters know it.
There is also a man named Bai who works near the Imperial Arena. He is renowned for his knowledge of the city.
As you wish. With luck, the winds of heaven will bring us together again one day. Farewell.
A good question. I am sometimes saddened by the fact that I cannot participate more in the life that surrounds me.
However, I forgo these simple pleasures to remain focused on the learning and application of the teachings of Sagacious Tien.
Don't misunderstand me. I am content with the choices I've made. But doubts cannot be completely resolved, and the city is a constant reminder of my decision.
No, perhaps not. Though, many good things can arrive unlooked for. Just the same, if you want anything, please ask.
So, you seek knowledge. Sagacious Tien himself would approve. What is it you would like to know?
As you wish. I will leave you to your wanderings. May the heavens shine favorably on your journey.
Hello again. I hope your time here in the gardens has been a beneficial one so far. Is there anything I can do for you?
Hello there. I hear you decided to test your wits against the Outlander. I am very interested to see the outcome of such a contest.
The Outlander certainly presents a challenge, but I'm confident you will find a solution. What can I do for you today?
Ah, it is too bad that you did not fare better in your encounter with the Outlander. Do not worry, though; often our defeats can teach us more than our victories.
Besides, winning is not always the quickest way to success. Sagacious Tien found many successes only after failing. How can I help you today?
I did not mean to suggest that you intended to lose, merely that the act of losing can itself provide some benefit... if you look for it.
I sense you are not comfortable with this topic. Perhaps we should discuss something else?
Ah, you have done an excellent job defeating the Outlander. Already your name is spreading throughout the Imperial City.
Though I'm sure that is not the reason you decided to challenge the Outlander. Perhaps I can be of some assistance to you, since you have done so much for us.
You have soundly defeated the Outlander in both wits and physical prowess. Only one who closely follows the ways of Sagacious Tien could be so strong.
Ah, it is good to see you. Some of the philosophers doubted that you would prevail in the arena after your initial loss to the Outlander.
I knew differently. People such as you learn from their mistakes and turn their failures into future successes. Congratulations.
Ah, you have made some interesting friends of late. Normally I would not offer such advice, but you should be wary....
*cod6*A tiger's bite is dangerous to his friends and his foes.*cod6*  The Assassins do not adhere to the ways of Sagacious Tien, of that you can be certain.
Then I suppose you will not need anything further. I hope you will not have to discover the tiger's bite for yourself.
There are several people looking for a person who matches your description. I would not hesitate to leave if I were you.
*cod6*The true test of any battle comes from within.*cod6* Don't let your pride or arrogance endanger your life. I will help if I can, but you should flee.
A wise decision. Worry not; I will not mention that I have seen you. Go in peace, my young friend.
As Sagacious Tien once said, *cod6*More valuable than silk are new friends in a foreign land.*cod6* If you need anything, I will be glad to assist you.
As Sagacious Tien once said, *cod6*Kind words and respectable attire are seldom a sign of true character. Only deeds reveal the intent of the soul.*cod6*
I am glad to help you in any way I can.
I am honored that you would ask me, though I must warn you; the teachings take a lifetime to learn and cannot be taught in a day.
Perhaps I could explain the core principles of Tien's teachings I could recite the history of Tien, if you like?
The teachings of Sagacious Tien are very simple, but the implications are astoundingly complex. At the heart of the teachings are the concepts of harmony and discord.
Also referred to as the Way of the Open Palm and the Way of the Fist, one cannot exist without the other, but neither can they co-exist in one person.
Harmony *with* the world comes from understanding your place *in* the world. An ant that believes it is a tiger will never achieve harmony.
Sagacious Tien was the first Emperor of the Jade Empire. He was a philosopher and a leader without compare, unifying the warring factions of his time.
His teachings founded this great Empire, though there was very little written about Tien himself.
We do know that he brought peace to the people of the Empire, and, since that time, his teachings have guided hundreds of generations of followers.
Of course. Questions lead to answers, answers to knowledge, knowledge to enlightenment, and enlightenment to peace.
The teachings of Sagacious Tien are based on these precepts. I would be honored to assist you if I am able.
The Scholars' Garden is the seat of learning in the Jade Empire. The philosophers and scholars who live here dedicate their lives to the pursuit of wisdom.
The scholars are dedicated to unlocking the secrets of the physical world. Many still follow the teachings of Sagacious Tien, though some take their studies too far.
I am certainly not opposed to their ways of study. Indeed, the scholars have made many wonderful and important discoveries.
We philosophers dedicate our lives to the study and teaching of the ways of Sagacious Tien. We believe in peace and harmony and balance.
Many find it difficult to grasp the significance or usefulness of our studies, but we assist anyone willing to learn the ancient teachings.
Oh, should I put my hands behind my back while we walk? Ha, ha. No, if you won't see reason, then this ends here and now!
I've changed my mind. I think I'd rather just turn you in.
Necropolis Guard
You nearly have everything to continue your quest for the old man, or your revenge on Death's Hand. My path takes me elsewhere.
If you do reach the Imperial City, perhaps we will meet again. Stranger twists of fate have happened.
When you reach the Imperial City, you will need a helping hand. Someone with influence and cunning.
A friend of mine will meet you. Follow her instructions and you will be on your way toward your goal. Your discoveries will be... intriguing.
The old man and Death's Hand will still be out of your reach, but it is the best hope you have.
Note from Princess Lian
A carefully folded piece of paper, given to you by Princess Lian. The note reads, *cod6*Meet me in the pavilion at the entrance to the Scholars' Garden.*cod6*
I... well, he... Look, I can't tell you anything more. My son is in danger, and I need you to come with me!
[Success] All right... I'll tell you. They're pirates... I think. They said something about you killing their friend... Gao I think. It's you they want, not me.
[Failure] No... I can't tell you. It's too dangerous for my boy. Please, just come with me.
I should tell you... I noticed when I was leaving that some of their men were trying to hide. I think they want to ambush you.
[Charm] It's all right. You can trust me. Tell me everything.
[Intuition] If you don't tell me everything, I can't help you.
Then perhaps it was my mistake to think you would be open to anything other than your own backwards ideals. Bah!
I seek satisfaction. You have bested me in debate, but true honor is decided on the dueling field.
There! See how quickly I am dismissed? No grace in victory. You are, and always will be, a backwards lot.
I could not expect a fair contest in the heart of your city. I was a fool to think otherwise.
He confuses me in much the same way.
Clearly you all have much to learn, and I am the man to teach you. Not that I want to, of course, but it is a matter of duty.
What? No, you know all of my arguments. Besides, I've already proven that you speak an infinite deal of nothing. You lost. Accept your inferiority.
It is almost as if... it was too easy. How could you have done so poorly? This is the heart of your culture.
Wait, I see it now. This is some sort of backwards insult, as though I was not worth defeating! Outrageous! You know nothing of proper discourse!
Ah, there you are. Well, are we ready for this duel, or are you going to slink away again?
That was... a fine display of skill.
You decided the rules. We have acted fairly.
If that is your wish, I will meet you in combat.
You are armed with explosives. That is hardly fair.
I will teach you a lesson in proper respect, dog!
Don't make excuses for your stupidity!
I will debate you again and defeat you.
I challenge you to personal combat.
Then I have nothing more to say to you.
I wish you luck. I look forward to your defense of the Empire.
If you can beat him in combat, he will have to acknowledge that he is no match for the best of the Jade Empire.
The Jade Empire values all those who stand up in the face of adversity. The Ministry of Culture will reward you, I promise.
There may be something for you when this is done, but your loss in the debate will affect it.
I've already heard whispers that the Imperial City is not the intellectual center it should be.
If we want to prove our worth to him we must face him on his terms, as stilted as they may be.
Personal combat takes many forms. If that is the weapon that defines him, who are we to say he should not use it?
Of course, I suggest that you use every advantage you have, as well.\n
I'm sure it will be a spectacular battle. Good luck.
Perhaps a loss in combat will sway him. I don't know.
Is there anything else? I'm eager to see you fight the Outlander.
A well fought victory against that Outlander buffoon. You showed that he could not best us in battle, mentally or physically.\n
We are all in your debt, but the Ministry of Culture is particularly so. Please, take this token sum of silver as payment. You certainly earned it.
I control a very limited treasury. To give any more would call attention to what has happened here.
Your performance in the debate should have prepared me for this. We have traded one lout for another.
Well, we can claim some measure of victory, although I have heard rumblings that the Imperial City is not the intellectual center it should be.
Navigate
What strategy should I take?
I'll get ready for the debate. Goodbye.
Can I expect a reward for facing the Outlander?
Is it fair that I face him? He is armed with explosives.
I will prepare for the fight. Goodbye.
Certainly I deserve more than this.
[Charm] I saved the reputation of the Empire. Such an example deserves special favor, doesn't it?
[Intuition] My performance was a valuable lesson. What is such experience worth against future invaders?
[Intimidation] Your ministry could not get the job done. I deserve the wages of a champion!
I demand more! Appease me or you will regret it!
That will suffice. It was an honor to defend the Empire.
Ruins
Dirge - Outer Courtyard
Spirit Cave
Small Ghost
Large Ghost
Demon Weiden
Demon Dadan
Ah, I was told to expect a new recruit, and you fit the description. Well done braving the Necropolis. A troublesome walk, but it weeds out the weak.
Those inclined to betrayal fear it the most. Imagine if you could corrupt the machine and return the chaos of disloyalty the Emperor dreads.
Belltower
Water Dragon Spirit
Good to see you again. The winds truly favor me by bringing you here once more. What can I do for you today?
Yaoru
[Failure] I'm sure she can be pleasant when she wants to be. But from what I hear she can also be quite unpleasant when the mood hits.
[Success] Well, she did turn that gang of thugs into a rather efficient criminal organization. And she is quite attractive.
[Failure] I want my business to succeed, but not at that cost! I'm sorry, but I don't think Ai Ling is the woman for me.
[Success] Ah, yes. Of course. I heard what happened to that young baker when he refused to go speak to her.
It worked! The fountain is restored, and the gates to the inner courtyard have opened!
Quickly now. Sir Roderick Ponce Von Fontlebottom *the* Magnificent Bastard is not one to let a duel grow stale on the vine.
Apparently, you had nothing to say previously, either. I hope there is no ill will between us. You had no chance, really.
Breeding counts for everything, I always say.
It was a fair fight, Sir Roderick. Within the rules you specified.
Yes, old boy, you've got it right. I was really sat down, I believe. Like the fall of the old bridge across the grand. My humors are in disarray, I tell you.
I suppose I should have seen it coming. Your win in the debate was a sure sign. I do believe I have underestimated the lot of you.
Regardless, you have beaten me. That's a point of honor I cannot deny.
Well, there's no other thing for it. Intended or not, you've earned a reward from me. The... unsuccessful combatant in a duel must arrange a worthy gift for the victor.
I wouldn't be much of an ambassador for my country if I didn't abide by its customs. The Duchess of Ulmsbottom's Rules of Engagement are quite clear on this matter.
Mirabelle... is yours. Treat her well. She's a finicky lady.
Right! Percival! Fluff my traveling trousers. We will darken this garden no more.
There's no need to shout. I'm sure my expulsion is part of some post-duel tradition of yours. Well, my country has one as well. To the victor goes the spoils.
I didn't see it coming, especially after besting you in the debate. But, I suppose brute force will occasionally crush a superior intellect.
Oh, it's you again. Go away. You have already felt the sting of my superior intelligence. I have other unfortunates to educate now.
Yes, farewell and all that. Remember what I said, and try not to do anything typically foolish.
Will you fight me or not?
Even if they buy the occasional bolt of silk, everyone knows there are only barbarians outside the Jade Empire, and his manner confirms it. He insults the Emperor!
I am ready now. Let's begin.
I will return when I am ready.
It was not your day.
150% Store
Take your carcass and get out of here!
Philosopher Jiao
Legendary Fist- Level 1*cod2*base moves only*cod2*Chi charge adds damage to Slam **
Spirit Thief
Legendary Fist level 2*cod2*Signature move 1 - Legendary Kick adds knock back**
Legendary Fist level 3b*cod2*Signature move 1 enhancement 2: unblockable **
Temp description for Paralyzing Palm ** strref 37216
Temp description for Spear style ** strref 37217
Temp description for Improvised Weapon ** strref 37218
Magic Style*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2*This style's Area Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Health power-up.*cod2**cod2*Practitioners of Dire Flame can throw bolts of fire, project explosive fireballs, and even summon dragon-like burning constructs that immolate enemies with tongues of flame. Sometimes the sight of a fighter weilding the power of flame is enough to reduce the bravest of opponents to begging for mercy.
You were defeated in fair combat. Do not take it so personally.
Philosopher
Philosopher Shendao
Scholar Zenyu
Scholar Dongow
Sir Roderick
Percival
Configuration of the Rabbit
Who did you originally see as my opponent?
Why would the Guild have any say in who I face?
Scholar Heng
Scholar Zou
Scholar Cai
Scholar Gu
I would debate the Outlander, but I am not practiced in the... application of what I know. I am a better researcher than presenter.
Hrm. Someone has to shut this fool up. He insults us all.
This is terribly exciting. New perspectives are rare in the Scholars' Garden. I hope someone takes up the Outlander's challenge.
Someone must step up to Sir Roderick's challenge. If no one does, his points are proven.
It's just... Bei was my last chance to have a family; my only chance to find a husband. When I heard he was engaged, I realized I'd never get out of this life I've created.
[Success] A very good point. Here, take this. I should know not to barter with a master debater.
You don't have enough Style points to purchase this upgrade.
No, I didn't. Maybe that's because I can't, at least not to your satisfaction.
It's not such a bad thing. Fighting in the lower divisions means I never run afoul of the Ravager. Our current champion has nearly killed his last two opponents.
Master Li's captors took him in the direction of the Imperial City. To follow, you must secure a new flyer and a wind map to ensure you don't have another rough landing.
This is a test version of Blossom with higher stats **
Li is... consuming my power. Drawing it through the amulet he stole when he betrayed you. You must restore the next fountain before it is too late.
Can you not have their man face someone else?
Picking up the Pieces
Things aren't done that way here. The guards stop all fighting unless it happens in the pit or they want it to happen.
I think you have no choice. This place is locked down tighter than the Emperor's palace.
You wouldn't last a moment against the number of guards hanging around this place.
Just leave me alone. I don't talk to spectators.
Now, poisoning her and watching her die painfully on the arena floor while you ride to an easy victory? That impresses me.
Bah, deny it all you want. I've got quicker eyes than you'll ever know, worm feeder.
I've given up being careful. No one here has given me any reason to worry yet, except the Serpent, of course.
You think the kind of offer they made you appears every day? No, that was a black rainbow arching across your sky, a rare and wondrous thing.
The Serpent would never provide a poisoner to deal with me. I'm safe because I keep to my place and play the role Kai Lan needs me to play.
Before you ask, I'm not inclined to talk about the Serpent in the slightest. You'll meet him before long, I wager.
She was too wrapped up in honor and duty to do well anywhere but in schools and this arena.
Unbending values like hers come from having your sword rammed too far up your nether regions.\n
Better yet, Dr. An still works her needles for free on Han! Bloody acupuncturist must lose entire months on the Hapless one. Ha!
Oh, come now, I lose all the time. It's a learning experience.
No, I'll not sit here and listen to your taunts, and I certainly don't feel like talking about this place, or my past, or whatever fool thing you want.
Leave me be. I want nothing to do with you.
You'd only grind my spirit further into the earth, and it's quite crushed enough.
Greetings, fair maiden. I see accounts of your physical beauty are quite accurate. I only hope the less flattering traits attributed to you are less so.
You sure like to use big words, don't you? You trying to make me feel stupid or something?
[Failure] Gang? What are you...? Hey, this ain't no club! You guys are thugs! I ain't looking for a wife who's a thug! This marriage is off!
I'm not desperate enough to just settle for some yokel who stumbled into town!
Hey! I don't know what yokel means, but it don't sound too nice! I ain't looking for a wife who's going to insult me! This marriage is off!
Huh... that didn't go well, did it? Look, if you want to collect that silver I promised you, you're going to have to come up with someone better than that.
H-h-hello, Ai Ling. I'm Chumin the Craftsman. I'm p-pleased to meet you.
What's wrong with you? You look like you're going to throw up. If you vomit on my floor, you'll be cleaning it up yourself!
Forgive me, but this isn't easy. Things are moving quite quickly here. I'm more used to taking things slow and careful. Perhaps it's the nature of being a craftsman.
That's right, you're a woodworker, aren't you? I remember seeing your wares in the market square. You've made some beautiful pieces.
In all honesty, that isn't true. I haven't made any money with my wood-working. In fact, I'm heavily in debt.
I'm an excellent craftsman, but I'm terrible at business. Between suppliers who don't deliver what they promise and customers who won't pay, I can barely afford to feed myself.
[Success] You're a sensitive man, Chumin; you have the gentle soul of an artist. What you need is a woman with some steel in her spine to back you up!
[Success] Don't talk to him like that! He has a sensitive and gentle soul; that's bad for business. What he needs is a woman with steel in her spine to back him up!
I'd like that, Ai Ling. I've often thought that if I had someone strong by my side, someone to help me, I could turn things around.
I think Chumin and I should spend some more time getting to know each other. Just the two of us.
How can I join the arena?
You're the Imperial Champion; don't you know it all by now?
You need nothing from me. Go find your adoring fans, or something.
I want you to change your tone.
Do you think I will let that insult pass?
I did no such thing!
You are too cheerful for one so easily defeated.
If you wish to consider it so, so be it.
You are the greatest fool I have ever encountered! Your losses are shameful and pathetic.
You lived up to your part of the bargain and brought me a decent prospect. So I'll live up to mine: Here's the silver I promised you.
That's truly a substantial sum of silver. I'll have to add your considerable financial means to the equation... along with your sweltering beauty and indomitable passions.
It may take a while, but I think I could get used to talk like that....
Whoo-eee! Where'd a young gal like you get all that silver?
Tian, there's a lot I have to tell you....
I've never seen so much silver before! I've been owed it, but I never managed to collect.
Chumin, I think this could be the beginning of a beautiful partnership....
Precisely. My copious vocabulary and cunning linguistics are ample evidence of my superior intellect.
Or maybe you use big words to compensate for a little something lacking below the belt.
Look at all these people here! When my old father told me to come to the big city, he never warned me about the crowds!
You will need a key to open this door.
Wind Map
A copy of a wind map that clearly shows the air currents and passages that lead from Tien's Landing to the Imperial City.
Choose:
Main quest.
Do 0.0
Do 0.1
Update quest summary in dlg.
Yushan Redeemed
Very well, I'll deal with this Guild thug.
I refuse to let them influence my matches here!
It would be hard to find anyone in this city who does not recognize our new champion on this day. We have met before, but right now I represent the Guild.
I want what you want. We had to address the issue of Kai Lan sooner or later. His open policy did not fit well with our philosophy of... discretion.
Already some of the Guild have tried to emulate your styles, so effective are the blows of Tiger Lifts the Mountain. You should be proud.
We will *not* speak of this again. Consider me nothing more than Sweet Poison Lyn from this point on.
Very well. The Guild suggests a truce. We had to address the issue of Kai Lan sooner or later. His open policy did not fit well with our philosophy of... discretion.
Such anger... I am not here as an antagonist. We simply had to address the issue of Kai Lan. His open policy did not fit well with our philosophy of... discretion.
Every action benefits someone other than yourself. If you worry about whom, then you fall into inactivity.
Not speaking to me could aid them as easily. *cod6*All waters flow to the ocean,*cod6* they say.
There are those who think and those who do. The best know that there is a time and place for both, and that this city will eat the introspective alive. It is advice we all need.
Indeed. Then you will be happy to know of the Guild's decision: We no longer want a stake in the proceedings in the arena. With Kai Lan and Gao the Greater gone....
Thus we propose a truce. Your feud, or whatever it was, with Kai Lan died with him. The Guild will not trouble you or this place if you will not trouble us.
You push too far. Why would the guild offer you money when we offer goodwill that is worth so much more?
[Success] I do not mean to demean this agreement. You are right, silver seals the word.
[Failure] Your arguments are meaningless. This is not an offer, but merely a statement of fact. Kai Lan's organization here represented only a small cell of our interests.
I will forget it in light of the cooperative spirit of this discussion.
Then you would have to find us, and we are notoriously difficult to ferret out. Consider it a task for which I do not believe you have the time.
What is there to refuse? We simply ignore each other from here on out. This is not a choice, it is information I am giving to you for free. Pray it stays that way.
Our business is concluded. If you will excuse a moment's adoration, it was an honor to meet you.
Part of my duties involved keeping an eye on Raging Dragon, and I had the envy of many others for such an assignment. Masterful fighting, I must say.
In observing Kai Lan, I had no choice but to watch the fights of Silver Phoenix. It was the most enjoyable aspect of the assignment. Your skills are amazing.
What if I'd rather eliminate your entire organization than make a deal?
I refuse. I want nothing to do with the Guild at all.
I've had more than enough of the Guild. Leave me.
Kai Lan is dead. You will suffer the same if you think to cross me.
Had I known I was doing the Guild's will, Kai Lan would still be alive.
Then even something like talking to you could aid my enemies.
Why do you offer this advice to me?
Enough with the philosophy. I just want to deal with this and call it done.
I did what I wished. Your power games mean nothing to me.
Sounds like you owe me for doing your dirty work.
I agree to the truce.
After doing your dirty work for you. I'll agree with an offering of silver.
[Charm] You could just call it a gift to celebrate my championship.
[Intimidation] This agreement means so little to you that a small token of goodwill is so troubling?
Forget I mentioned silver.
Eyes do not always see the truth. What you saw as a man was...something else.
Saber
Storm Saber
Fortune's Favorite
*cod15**cod17*
Lifesaver Gem
Strong winds can crash any flyer if the pilot does not have a wind map.
[You step away from the tent.]
[You settle in for the night.]
[Success] It... it would appear that I have made my plans without all of the necessary information. I have made this mistake once before, in regards to you, child.
My apologies, great lady. In my haste and worry I did not realize I addressed one so far above my own humble station. Please forgive me.
Now, is there anything else you want to know?
Free Captain Ing's Ship
Captain Ing offered a reward for closing the dam.
It is good to see you again. We have told Minister Sheng of your bravery in freeing us from the pirates, but no words can do justice to your great and generous deeds.\n
I never thought I'd be glad to be back here, but I am.
Yes, yes, Minister Sheng is properly grateful that you were able to free the peasants. You truly are a great hero and so on and so forth.
More importantly, you destroyed the pirates who plagued Minister Sheng's administration of this town. Here is your reward.
Thank you once again! May fortune smile upon you for your good deeds.
What about them?
Investigate Tien's Landing
The trading village of Tien's Landing may be too small to have flyers or wind maps, but it is the only settlement nearby. Travel there and see if you can find the resources you need.
Without wind maps, even the most powerful flyer can't navigate the vast reaches of the Jade Empire's skies. The Great Southern Forest is too large an uncharted expanse to cross safely.
If we keep the place safe, Dawn Star will pay us with sweets when she gets back.
Mommy says Dawn Star sees strange things, but I don't see anything strange.
You *demand* it? You are clearly not here as an acolyte! If you want to die for these scrawny dogs, so be it!
Dawn Star isn't here, so we're guarding her garden!
Are you here to see Dawn Star? She's not around right now.
I thought as much. Master Gang must see great potential in you to allow someone so... undisciplined such freedom here.
I can't allow these slaves to remain here.
Release them! I demand it!
Of course that is what I meant. Keep the cages sealed.
I hope you fare well. I turn my eyes to the east, where new challenges await me by the ocean.
Others have mentioned this. Should I be concerned?
Hello again. Would you like to try a practice fight, or would you like to see some of Master Radiant's items?
Lower Ruins
I just received some new items. A rare delivery that made it through. Some gems that you may be interested in.
We only answer to Gao. Talk to him.
Zi Bao! What is the meaning of this? Summoning me to this place was bad enough; you know I can't stand the stench of these beasts.
Ha! Where have I heard that before? Oh yes, some fool working for Prefect Jitong made just such a claim moments before I gutted him with his own dagger.
Get him, boys, but don't kill him. We'll get quite a bit of silver for this one.
Get her, boys, but don't kill her. We'll get quite a bit of silver for this one.
This has gone far enough. You're far better than the last dog who dared cross us. Maybe I was... hasty in my decision to attack you.
The way I see it, we have two choices. We can finish this, and see who is more skilled at fighting, or... we can come to an agreement.
No doubt you're here about a certain merchant who's managed to get himself caught. I tried to deal with that problem by purchasing the aid of a high ranking minister.
If only I had a silver coin for every time I've heard that. Come then, let's *end* it.
Ha, you've got spirit. But there is very little that I *can't* afford. The Guild is extremely wealthy, and we have many powerful friends.
If you promise to forget about all this *and* implicate that scholar so Ling goes free, I'll make sure you're well paid.
Is that so? Perhaps you should not waste your time talking to me, then? Or is this some sort of game to you?
*cod15**cod18*
*cod15**cod19*
*cod15**cod20*
*cod15**cod21*
*cod15**cod22*
*cod15**cod23*
*cod15**cod24*
*cod15**cod25*
*cod15**cod26*
*cod15**cod27*
*cod15**cod28*
Iron Rings
Sun and Moon are\n
Eyes of the Dragon
Though small, these weapons are light and easy to wield. The Crescent Blades are excellent weapons for close combat.
Thief of Souls
Crimson Tears
*cod15**cod29*
*cod15**cod30*
*cod15**cod31*
Twin Sabers
Flying Iron
Death and Agony
Butterfly Swords
Fang and Venom
Song Blades
*cod15**cod32*
*cod15**cod33*
*cod15**cod34*
Twin Axes
Two Tailed Tiger
Twin Hammers
Soul Thunder
Tien's Justice
*cod15**cod47*
*cod15**cod48*
*cod15**cod49*
Staff
Flawless
Sung's Wrath
Heaven's Flame
Golden Star
*cod15**cod35*
*cod15**cod36*
*cod15**cod37*
*cod15**cod38*
*cod15**cod39*
*cod15**cod40*
*cod15**cod41*
*cod15**cod42*
*cod15**cod43*
*cod15**cod44*
*cod15**cod45*
*cod15**cod46*
Favored for its slash and thrust capabilities in the melee, the Saber is a formidable weapon.
Shu Fong, one of the few people to survive an encounter with Storm Saber, claimed that it flashed as if lightning danced along its blade.
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*This long sword bears the mark of Shining Fortune, the blacksmith of the gods. Shining Fortune's weapons were so finely crafted that the gods forbade him from creating weapons for anyone but them. When his son was enlisted to subdue the barbarians from the west, Shining Fortune forsook his oaths and forged this marvelous long sword for his son. The gods cursed Shining Fortune for breaking his oath, and he was never again able to produce weapons of any worth. Still, the blade he made for his son never experienced defeat. It is truly Fortune's Favorite.
*cod15**cod50*
*cod15**cod51*
*cod15**cod52*
*cod15**cod53*
*cod15**cod54*
*cod15**cod55*
*cod15**cod56*
*cod15**cod57*
*cod15**cod58*
*cod15**cod59*
*cod15**cod60*
*cod15**cod61*
Sharp and deadly, these rings will rip apart anyone or anything foolish enough to get close to the one who wields them.
Like the sun and the moon, these deadly rings are perfectly balanced. Together they are complete.
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*Forged from an unknown material, the Eyes of the Dragon have long been a mystery in the Jade Empire. Fan Dao, a great scholar, once claimed he had discovered the secret of the sabers, but he died mysteriously before documenting his findings. The Eyes of the Dragon are unbelievably sharp and can cut through steel as if it were silk. In combat, the sabers seem to have a mind of their own, drawn to the enemy like iron to a lodestone.
*cod15**cod62*
Deadly quick, these blades are lighter and sharper than average crescent blades.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Double Sabers Style*cod2**cod2*The inscription on these unique sabers is written in a long-forgotten dialect. The writing, deciphered by Scholar Shao Shen many years ago, reads, *cod6*The innocent are cut down with the guilty; the brave die beside the craven; the blades do not weep for the dead*cod6*. Rumor has it that the Crimson Tears have ended more lives than the great drought itself. Despite centuries of use, these sabers are as sharp and deadly as the day they were forged.
*cod15**cod63*
*cod15**cod64*
*cod15**cod65*
Smaller than a regular saber, they are still deadly, especially in close combat.
These sabers are remarkably light for their size. The blacksmith who forged these blades was very skilled indeed.
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*When Emperor Fong died without an heir, the Empire became fractured and divided. After years of war, Tang the Merciless rose to be the forerunner in the battle for the contested throne of the Jade Empire. Tang's own father betrayed him into the hands of his enemies, fearing that his son's violent ways would ruin the Empire. Rumor has it that before he fled into exile, Tang the Merciless used these very axes to cut off his father's head. These devastating axes remain extremely sharp, even after hundreds of years of use.
The special length of the Butterfly Swords is designed to allow for better maneuvering. These blades are deadly in the hands of a master.
Zao the Serpent used these butterfly swords to slay the treacherous Cao Feng. They are both beautiful and deadly.
The Song Blades were originally a gift to Emperor Shang's nephew. The workmanship of these blades is remarkable.
*cod15**cod66*
*cod15**cod67*
*cod15**cod68*
These axes can cause a great deal of damage. They are heavier than the average sword and require a great deal of strength to use properly.
These axes are lighter than common axes and very well balanced. Great care went into crafting these fine weapons.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Double Axes Style*cod2**cod2*Li Yun, the infamous blacksmith, was held against his will for seven years by Minister Han Tao, who had demanded that the blacksmith forge a pair of marvelous axes for him. In the seventh year of his captivity, Li Yun finally agreed to make the weapons, but he poured all of his hatred into the axes as he made them. Li Yun named the axes Death and Agony, and he promised the minister that he would experience both if he ever tried to wield them. Minister Han Tao released Li Yun, but he died in combat shortly thereafter. Li Yun's axes are truly awe-inspiring, effortless to wield despite their impressive size.
These powerful weapons can be used to crush almost any enemy, but they require a strong warrior to wield them.
Deadly in close range, these mighty hammers can destroy even the heaviest shields and armor.
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*This ceremonial staff was once displayed in Sagacious Tien's great hall. Many years after his reign, Emperor Yan Shun took up the staff to defend the palace from rebels. Once the infidels had been stopped, Yan Shun gathered his army and left the palace, vowing to rid the Empire of all dissidents before he returned. Emperor Yan Shun returned after seventeen years. In that time, Yan Shun and Tien's ceremonial staff had become a symbol for justice in the Jade Empire.
*cod15**cod69*
*cod15**cod70*
*cod15**cod71*
The staff is a simple weapon, but its effectiveness should not be underestimated. A staff can work equally well in close or medium combat.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Staff Style*cod2**cod2*The scrolls of Peng Qi contain the story of a monk who shaped a flawless staff using only swatches of silk. At first, the silk did nothing but polish the rough wood, but after thirty-four years the staff was perfectly smooth, straight, and flawless. After finishing the staff, the monk told his abbot he was going for a walk to test his new staff, and he never returned. An exiled warrior eventually discovered the staff and attached a sharp blade that is every bit as perfect as the staff itself. It has since been adorned with precious metals, but it remains as flawless as ever.
This staff was almost as feared as Sung the Just, the man who wielded it mercilessly in the early years of the Empire.
Spears are a common weapon throughout the Jade Empire. They can be used to both bludgeon and pierce an enemy.
An excellent spear, Heaven's Flame is famous for it's ability to pierce both armor and body alike.
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*Forged under an auspicious comet, this staff was originally a gift for the Water Spirit of the Silkworm River. A young prince named Seng Lo sought to win the heart of the Water Spirit and had the staff created as a gift. He then convinced the Great Eastern Serpent to fly him to the heavens, where he dipped the staff in the golden comet. The light of the comet dimmed, but the staff became more powerful than any before it. To this day no one knows if Seng Lo won the Water Spirit's heart, but there is no questioning the magnificence of the staff he created.
*cod15**cod72*
*cod15**cod73*
*cod15**cod74*
*cod15**cod75*
*cod15**cod76*
*cod15**cod77*
*cod15**cod78*
*cod15**cod79*
*cod15**cod80*
*cod15**cod81*
*cod15**cod82*
*cod15**cod83*
Lower Pirate Island
Return to the Flyer
Ah yes, training. For some time now I have offered, for a small fee, to run students through a short regimen that will help them enhance their abilities.
I heard about Dawn Star. Perhaps I can help in some small way; Fen Do received some essence gems and passed a few along to me. They may be of use to you.
You are improving every day. I have observed your technique, and you may not realize it, but you *are* more resilient. Let me show you.
Now, is there anything else you wish at the moment?
You need to go where people are fresh. The fighters pouring in from the arena are from all over, and new students arrive at the Black Leopard School all the time.
Or go see what nonsense heaven has dropped into the scholars' heads in their garden. Those are the places where someone like you will find things to do.
Shops we have. Mechanic Hin Goo does a smooth trade in flyer parts, for instance. There's Doctor An in the arena and other merchants in the streets.
Return to the flyer to discuss infiltrating the Lotus Assassin fortress.
What kind of items and additional training do you sell?
Why do you want to serve me?
Nothing great has ever come without conflict. Peace and harmony are simple ideals for simple people.
If you want true peace, you must conquer the world at your door. But you must understand it first.
One can decipher the workings of the physical world if one takes the time to examine them.
Studying the world is the only way to understand it. Looking inward on yourself only shelters you from the realities of the world.
The gods do not control everything as some would believe. Nature is powerful in itself, and we can control nature.
The teachings of the philosophers is based on ancient texts. We must look ahead, not behind, for understanding.
To find true fulfillment, one must understand the workings of the world around him.
The world holds many mysteries, but they are there to be discovered by anyone who will take the time to seek them.
Hmm... yes? Come closer, I cannot see who you are. Is that you again, Zenji? Ayee, no it is not, I can tell by your breath. Please, come no closer!
What is it you want with old Shendao then, hmm? I want to get back to my meditations before I pass away from old age.
Ha! All day long I'm besieged with questions. Master, what is the seventh dictate? Master, how do we achieve inner peace? Master, when is dinner?
It's a wonder that I get any peace at all.  Well, go on, but be quick about it.
If you don't already know, I doubt I can explain it to you. The ways of the philosophers cannot be described in such a short time.
I am the eldest philosopher here, and so I seem to have no end of people chasing me about and asking inane questions.
Oh... ho ho. I see your senses have truly left you. You don't have to be a master to know that questions like that can get you into trouble.
If you want to know something about that... fiend, I suggest you ask him yourself. Though I doubt you'd have the temerity to do so.
Which Emperor? There have been many, you know? You must make your questions more clear if you want a clear answer, hmm.
I will assume that you meant Emperor Sun Hai. I can tell you that I know a great deal, most of which you have no need to know.
Suffice it to say that the Emperor is a great man who has lived through many hard trials. He is far more powerful than any Emperor I have known in all my days.
The real question is where he gets that power. But I go too far; it is unwise to speak about such things, especially to people like you.
That is not a question! How can this Li call himself your Master when your skills are so obviously undeveloped?
You have not even told me what this Li is a master of! Is he a master of knitting or martial arts? How can I give you an answer based on such flimsy questions?
Perhaps your master was so frustrated by your ineptitude that he decided to quit and leave his home in Two Rivers. I certainly wouldn't blame him.
Have you no sense at all? I will not even try to explain to you why such a question is foolish and reckless. Now move along, or ask me something else.
Good, good. You go now. May heaven guide you... someplace else.
Calm, you say? You wouldn't know calm if it shouted its arrival in your ear. All the world rushes madly about and then expects you to be calm. Ha!
[Failure] Ha! There are some who would travel for many miles just to hear some of my *cod6*grumblings.*cod6* You have no appreciation for wisdom, so I will not waste any on you.
Ah, it is you again. Your breath betrays you. I have no time to waste on you. Leave me to my meditations.
Do not come any closer! I would not want to confuse you with my *cod6*grumblings.*cod6* Ha! Off you go.
Now you've done it, haven't you? You can't fool me; I know you had something to do with the happenings at the Lotus Assassin fortress.
Well, I won't say I'm sad to see it happen to them, and I'm certainly not surprised that you had something to do with it.
You've got yourself in with an interesting lot, haven't you? What mischief are you and your Lotus Assassin friends up to now?
No, don't tell me, I don't want to know. Just don't expect me to tell you any secrets.
So, the Outlander has met his match. I might have guessed you would be the one to deal with that noisy fool.
Though I won't truly have any peace until everyone decides to let me be.
Ha! Did you have fun bashing around all those witless barbarians in the arena? Bah... Champion! Do you think your achievements will impress me?
Well, get on with it then! No doubt you're here to pester me about some trivial matter that only a *master* can help you with.
Once again you come and disturb my rest, and in return for this *kindness* I expect you want me to help you, hmm?
Oh, it is you again. Have you come to take me away to a private place where I can do my mediations in peace? I didn't think so.
Local Thug
May I ask you a few questions?
What is it you do here?
Tell me about Death's Hand.
What do you know about the Emperor?
I'm searching for Master Li from Two Rivers.
I should be going. Goodbye.
Please be calm.  I just want to ask a few questions.
I'll leave you to your studies.
The ones that hurt... the spirits have such sad stories. The people don't know, though. All they understand is that they feel bad, but don't know why.
Welcome, friend. The lecture won't be starting for a little while, though your enthusiasm is appreciated.
I wouldn't worry about seating. Those interfering philosophers have made sure that very few people will be attending the lecture.
Certainly, we can't learn without asking questions. How can I help you today?
Ah, don't let the name fool you. There are fewer scholars here than you might think. We are far outnumbered by those obstinate philosophers.
The philosophers believe that the gods dictate everything, from the rising of the sun to the changing seasons. If the summer ends too soon or too late, the gods must be angry.
Of course, anyone who cares to look can see that the birds control the weather. I have noted, with some accuracy, that the birds predict the seasons.
I have a theory that the massive movements of birds in the autumn and spring actually cause the prevailing winds to change direction.
When birds fly south just before autumn, they cause the winds to change. We get cold air from the north until the spring, when the birds reverse the winds again.
It's really quite simple, but just try telling that to one of the philosophers.
Don't get me wrong; I like most of the philosophers. But their strict adherence to aging traditions makes them very difficult to deal with.\n
They're always preaching about peace and harmony. Really! We kill and subdue the creatures of this world in order that we can survive! Where's the peace in that?
Can a man survive long without eating meat? What about the grains we use to make our bread, or the hides we use for any number of things? We consume constantly.
Peace and harmony are wonderful ideals, but in nature only the strong survive, and they don't do it by being peaceful!
I'm glad you asked. Today, I will speak on my theories of cloud formation. That was my first major discovery, though it hasn't been widely accepted... yet.
The basic principles are really quite simple: I deduced, after lengthy study, that clouds are formed by the moisture escaping from our bodies.\n
When the weather is cool, you can clearly see small clouds escaping from people's mouths. Similar clouds form on the skin of people working strenuously in the cold.
These clouds of breath rise up and collect near the tallest peaks, where it is almost always cloudy. This was one of my finest discoveries.
Oh, so soon? All right, then. I hope to see you again soon. Perhaps I could explain to you my theories on the formation of ice crystals.
Oh, that's too bad. Perhaps after I've answered some of your questions you will change your mind. What would you like to know?
I'm sorry. I can't speak with you now. It would be unwise for me associate with someone with your... affiliations.
Go, leave me be. They're looking for you, or someone like you. I don't want them to think I had something to do with this. Go!
So, you're the one who will take on the Outlander. From what I've seen, the Outlander will fare poorly in a debate against one as skillful as you.
Of course, between your debate and the philosophers' complaints, I suppose my lecture will be completely ignored. [sigh] Such is the life of a scholar.
Ah, I am sorry to hear about your... defeat. I was as surprised as anyone that the Outlander could defeat you in a debate.
If I had not been so busy with my lecture, I would have liked to debate with him myself. Though I'm sure the philosophers would have had something to say about that.
Ah, perhaps you are right. I'm sorry. I did not mean to be so presumptuous. Let me make amends by offering you my assistance. Is there anything you require?
Of course, what exactly would you like to know?
As you wish. Again, I am sorry if I offended you. Please come back if you need anything.
Excellent work defeating the Outlander! You'll make quite a name for yourself if you keep that sort of thing up!
I'm sure the philosophers are overjoyed with your success. Peace and harmony were of no use against the Outlander. Sometimes you simply need to outwit your opponent.
You are gaining many friends in this city, my friend. Defeating the Outlander in a debate *and* in combat is quite an accomplishment.
No doubt the philosophers are somewhat less impressed with your feats of physical prowess. I, for one, think your skills are quite remarkable!
My apologies. I assure you, I spoke with the utmost sincerity. What would you like to know?
You were very successful against the Outlander in combat. Don't let the philosophers convince you otherwise just because you lost to him in a debate.
The fact is, you solved the problem! And, it reinforces what I've said all along: Peace and harmony are not always the best means to resolve conflict.
Ah, good to see you again, my friend. Have you returned to listen to my lecture, or would you just like some information?
I see. Could I ask you some questions?
Really? How does that work?
Why do you mistrust the philosophers?
What is your lecture about?
Actually, I think I'll be going.
I'm not here for a lecture. I just want some answers.
May I ask you some questions?
I doubt you would have fared any better!
I need some answers.
No, nothing right now.
Enough with the flattery. I just want some answers.
Sorry, I'm just here for some information.
I'm not interested in a boring lecture. I need answers.
My barge will get you where you want to go, safe and sound. Even drunk, I can navigate the river ten times better than anyone else in the village.
I'll be there. I'm a man of my word, despite what you might have heard. I'm not just some useless old drunk. You'll see.
Remember: Meet me at Beggar's Pier in the southeast corner of town when you're ready to go.
Set
Hidden Fist
Support Style*cod2*Does direct damage in Chi Strike mode*cod2*This style's Area Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Chi power-up.*cod2**cod2*Warriors willing to tread a darker path learn that a confused mind is a weakened one. This infamous Support style is a collection of techniques that render the practitioner's foe disoriented and unable to fight back. A master of Hidden Fist is not above using dirty tricks and forbidden strikes to serve the goal of total domination. *cod2**cod2*
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 2
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 3
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 4
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 5
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 6
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 7
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 8
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 9
*cod15*Hidden Fist Description Level 10
You can talk?
As I said, it is often the way. I should say no more on the subject. Perhaps you should ask your companion, if you truly must know.
As you may know, when a spirit is anchored to a place or person, there is often a... balance. The highest powers of heaven enjoy nothing more than the struggle that ensues.
The Mother is my counterpart. As a fox, I test the spirit of humanity, and what I would test, the Mother corrupts.
I have never held any pride in what I have done, but I have no qualms about it either.
It's hard to let that go. Now that you are back, I am not sure whether to slap you or kiss you.
Oh! You never stop. Death is on the wing, and you make jokes. Of course, why shouldn't you? Death is tea in the spirit realm for you.
I... I am truly frightened about tomorrow. But I know I am safe... here... in your arms.
Gazebo
I'm nobody important... nobody at all. And I have nothing to say to you.
Just leave me alone.
It was much the same as now. Dark promises of power were whispered in the minds of impressionable men who eventually became her cannibal servitors.
*cod15*Legendary Fist Cheat Character
*cod15*Paralyzing Palm Cheat Character
*cod15*Magic Fire Cheat Character
*cod15*Spear Cheat Character
*cod15*Hidden Fist Cheat Character
*cod15*Spirit Well Cheat Character
*cod15*Axe Cheat Character
It was either you or her.
Please hurry. I don't like it down here. Please don't forget about me.
I solved your problem. Where is my reward?
Gate to Lower Ruins
This is just the beginning of the end for you, Soldier.
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*Viper emphasizes speed and unpredictability, alternately lulling the opponent with rhythmic movements and striking with incredible speed. Individually, this style's strikes are light, but they are only a part of its arsenal. Those who have mastered Viper's mysteries know a series of pressure points that can sour the blood and disrupt their foes' vital organs. Rare is the warrior who can withstand the lighting quick strikes of Viper while being torn apart from the inside.
Pursue the spirit.
That didn't work...
This is a health power-up - fly into it!
Student remains
To Dam Site
You must destroy my body in the palace to weaken him, but there is more you can do. I see within you the knowledge of his child. If it lives, Li's rage can be proven false.
Student Lin
Hmm. Feisty! I like that.
Ha! You'll get used to it, kid. It kinda grows on you after a while.
Hapless Han
Crimson Khana
Iron Soldier
Sung Bo
Rockets
Sung Bu
[Success] Well, that's true. I suppose a little silver is a small price to pay if it'll help end all our troubles. At least I'll be contributing to a good cause. Here, take it.
Sung Sui
Ravager
Boh Leng the Scurrilous
Look for the entrance in the back of the inn, where the earth rises and the largest of the caves reaches the surface.
As her power grew and more of your kind fell under her sway, the forest twisted and blackened. I fought her by destroying her followers and closing the paths into the forest.
It was not enough. As the trees twisted, I grew weaker, and I realized that I could not win the day. The forest could not be saved.
The only way to regain control of the forest was to lose control. I had been fighting the Mother's magic with my own, but I realized almost too late that I could not defeat her that way.
Don't bother me. I may be a beggar, but I'm on my break right now.
Instead, words became my weapon. Many kingdoms claimed portions of this forest for their own, and I visited each under the guise of a mysterious crone.
To each king I spoke of the plans of the others to destroy the blighted forest with fire; that fire, said I, would spread to any kingdom that was not prepared.
None of the kings ever intended to destroy the forest, thinking that somehow the disease would pass and the resources could be salvaged.
Hearing that their peers were prepared to unleash a firestorm upon them, however, made each king prepare a similar retaliation.
After your success against the bandits who had stolen his sword, Minister Sheng of the Ministry of Harmony insisted that you keep the blade and taught you the secrets of Dire Flame, a powerful elemental magical style. *cod2**cod2*Peace never lasts, though, and before long rumors reached you of trouble in a mysterious fortress temple high in the mountains. Intrigued, you set off in the Marvelous Dragonfly to investigate.
When you feel bad for no reason, you might have touched one of them.
Eh? Can't you see I'm trying to have an important conversation with my friend here? The young ones today, no respect.
You leave this youngster alone, you cantankerous old goat. He looks like he could put you down without a thought. Might do us all a favor.
Master Li
Toad Demon
You were mean to us. I don't want to talk to you!
Your negativity is not welcome here. It disrupts far too much.
It's time, Yushan. Come with me. Now I get to hurt you, like you hurt us!
See through my eyes, and shape what you already know. One among you was born to the light of a false morning sun. Already she senses it was the burning of Dirge.
Don't listen to Bin! If you find Kindly Yushan, kill him! I don't want rest, I want revenge!
You forgot, big person? I knew you didn't care about us! Nobody cares about us!
Yes, find him and kill him! Bring me Kindly Yushan's head. Or bring him here, and let me kill him!
Lucky for you that you stuck to your end of the bargain.
The Guild has made this a place of spiritual trials. Kai Lan the Serpent heads their activities here. It is but one part of their larger operation, but their practices disgust me.
Pressure has bent, not tempered him. Still, he's not without some simple charms. Just know that this place does not always hold the fighter's best interests at heart.
Just be aware that this place does not always hold the fighter's best interests at heart.
If you discovered my meaning yourself, it would hone your mind; you might even wear away your quick temper in the process.
What path are we talking about?
Sounds like you don't like him very much.
Care to translate that bit of babble?
Eh, get on with your day, youngster. We're just passing time.
Good. I could use a good fight right about now.
The Return to Dirge
Would you like to try a fight now?
As you wish. I'm here if you change your mind. Goodbye.
Guest? This *guest* just attacked our novices, and you're just going to look the other way? You are just like Master Radiant, weak and....
Enough! Leave us, Third Brother, before you disgrace the school... and yourself. And take these novices with you.
This is the sanctum of the Lotus Assassins. You have neglected speaking with me, so I need to know... I mean, I've asked you to take a great risk.
We haven't talked for some time, and this is potentially very dangerous. I needed to know... I mean, I just wanted to say that I hope you stay safe.
But Dirge is not known to the Empire. It is a secret place, and its death was only visible from one height, one vantage. The palace of the family Sun.
I reach into you and just... I don't know... twist. I've learned to like it in the time I've been here.
Her name is Miao. She's gone strange. I'm Bin. We live in the orphanage. At least, we used to, long ago. Before the waters came.
We're dead, big person! We're dead, and you can't hurt us any more! But we can still hurt you!
[Leave the elevator alone.]
You can help me. Find the one who did this to us. Find Kindly Yushan, the orphan-master. Find him, and kill him! Bring me his head!
No Miao, that won't make you happy. That will just make you stranger. We have to figure out some way to rest. We must find peace.
We can't have peace! But we can have revenge. Kill Kindly Yushan for me, big person. Kill him for abandoning us in the orphanage! Kill him for leaving our bones here to rot!
The bones! That's it! The orphan-master must bury our bones! He left us to this, only he can end it. If Kindly Yushan comes here and buries our remains, we can finally rest.
He never tried! He didn't care about us. Nobody cares about us! I bet he still goes out at night and drinks in the teahouse. It's like we never existed!
Yushan spent his nights at the teahouse. He would lock the orphanage when he left so we didn't get out and cause trouble in the town. He had the only key.
Ow! What did you do to me?
Maybe there's some way I can help?
Where can I find Kindly Yushan?
What's so special about this style?
Why is that important?
When will I be able to face the Ravager?
Noblewoman
This is your moment of glory, but if you choose to end it, there will be another to take your place and the crowds will take to him.
Absolutely! A rematch would be an honor.
That will be the day! Once a loser, always a loser!
He's always ready.
What you see is how you perceive abilities that are inherently yours as a Spirit Monk. Essence gems still serve you because the amulet was a pathway, not a source of power.
Ha! My disinterest in this barren little place is the stuff of which legends are made.
The amulet trains you to access what is already present, something Sun Li misunderstood. However, as a focus it still allows him to take my power much faster than his brother did.
There is... no time. I am not strong enough to... stay and answer them. Ask your questions of Abbot Song.
What can you tell me about the champion of my division?
Tell me about the Ravager.
I want to hear your thoughts on the Sung brothers.
Do you know of any recruiters for the Lotus Assassins?
Lucky Cho mentioned Kai Lan the Serpent and the Guild. What can you tell me about this?
How did Kai Lan take control like this?
Where did the Serpent come by his magical skills?
Why haven't you done anything about this whole situation?
That's enough about the Guild. I have other questions.
Let's talk about Kai Lan and the Guild again.
Black Whirlwind has told me about his time here. What do you know about him?
Black Whirlwind says Raging Ox is actually dead. Do you believe that?
Whirlwind claims his brother is dead. Have you been lying to me about him?
Mad Bling Bling
You're dead now!
Ask me? Why ever would the vaunted Silver Division champion speak to one of his inferiors?
Trying to figure out how to deal with Soldier? Not a chance.
You are going to lose and lose again until you finally stop trying. If you drop out of the arena in shame, so much the better.
I don't pay attention to the Bronze Division. Who has time for all the hopefuls and their empty dreams?
Haven't you figured it out yet? I don't like you. You're nothing more than a worm, and I don't talk to worms.
Now go on and leave me alone. We've got nothing to talk about.
We learned a few things about you. About how we felt about you.
Welcome, welcome. Did someone from the Black Leopard School send you? No... I suppose you don't quite look like one of their students.
With:
It is your plan, acolyte. I will assume you are asking to make sure your methods do not anger me. Very well, which do you have questions about?
I couldn't make that decision.
Are you still concerned about Dawn Star?
Let the wisdom of the abbot guide you if you need aid. Restore the second fountain and I will speak to you again... if I am able.
Why are you back? Is it because you like it when I hurt you?
Miao! Stop that! Not all big people want to hurt us. What do you want, living one? Have you... have you come to help us?
We have nothing of value, living one. We are... we are only spirits.
She's changed since the operation. As if she was a completely different person, and this person... frightens me sometimes. I've seen her do things my daughter would never do.
But she is still my daughter. Sometimes I see the pain behind her eyes, before those other eyes come to replace them. Then I think that someday those new eyes will turn on me.
I'll cause more havoc than that before I'm finished.
Ah! My dear. I was just... I was just saying....
I... I thank you for what you have done for us and... and we must be going now. I... I apologize... for everything.
Ah! It's you! I wanted the chance to thank you again for what you have done for my daughter. She can live a full and healthy life now. One a father can be proud of.*cod2*
Hurry up, you worthless cur! We've been waiting for dinner for over an hour!\n
Talk to the merchant
I agreed to get some medicinal wraps for Kia Ming, a fellow student who has a lingering leg injury. She said I can get them from Fen Do, the merchant.
Kia Ming from the school asked me to get her some medicinal wraps from the merchant Fen Do in the village. She will reimburst my expenses when I bring her the wraps
See Dawn Star
Team up with Dawn Star in her garden.
As Master Li requested, I teamed up with Dawn Star and now need to deliver the letter he gave me to the smith
See the Blacksmith
I need to deliver Master Li's letter to the smith in the town.
Just go and find her. Bring her back to me.
Most likely she's still at our old home. She'd take it as her own with me out of the way. It's in the Market District near the entrance to the Black Leopard School.
Grr... Find that whore and bring her to me so I can tear her limb from limb.
You! You're back to gloat over this victory of yours, harpy? Causing my torment and death is that satisfying to you?
Hah! You expect me to listen to stories like that? She's been corrupting your mind with them, I think.
My malice is not for you, mortal, but for her and her alone. She will suffer for the pain she has caused me. Bring her forward.
No! You don't understand! This was all an accident! It was the fish... the salmon... it was bad. You died because it poisoned you.
The fish? I died from a fish? You expect me to believe such a stupid excuse?
How can you be so certain? How can you believe her, after you know what she's done to me?
Because he believes me. He has seen me at our home, mourning for you still. Not a day has gone by where I didn't cry over your death.
It... it almost makes me wish you'd have your wish, just so I could be with you again....
Feng... you... you really do care. Then all this time... my cursing. It was wrong.
You killed me, but I see now, in those eyes I fell in love with, that you didn't mean to and that it pains you greatly.
I... I forgive you, Feng.
Thank you for what you have done. For both of us. In time, I hope I can repay you your kindness.
[Success] I... I see. I will give you what I can. It's not much, but... but if it will help you bring all this to an end, then you can have it.
Because she believes me. She has seen me at our home, mourning for you still. Not a day has gone by where I didn't cry over your death.
There is no hope for any of us. All I want in the rest of my existence is to end hers.
You will not stop me from having my revenge!
What? *No!*
Ah... you have done well. You have been a faithful servant, and one who deserves a reward. Here.
Reports suggest he is well over seven feet tall, and fully armed. This man is very dangerous.
You're a wit, aren't you. Did you get that from the village idiot when you passed by?
No, I won't believe it! It's a lie!
I exist only for revenge. Revenge on my wife who, after so much talk of *cod6*faithfulness*cod6* and *cod6*love*cod6* decided she would be better off without me. She killed me!
I need time for revenge... revenge on that treacherous, conniving woman who put poison in my food and left me to die! When I get my hands on her....
We'd been having fights, my wife and I, and she decided to end it. I sat down to eat, and the next thing I knew, I had choked to death and ended up here.
That whore decided that I wasn't good enough for her. That she would just move on to something else after our years of marriage! She'll pay. Oh yes, she'll pay.
But I have to find her first.
Most likely, she's still at our old home. It's in the Market District near the entrance to the Black Leopard School. Find her, and bring her to me.
How'd you end up with the name Three Reach Lao?
What's your secret?
Let's change the subject.
Grr... I didn't take that kind of insult in life, and I'm not about to in death! You'll join me in this torment!
This city is old... so old... and so many people have lived and died here, there are spirits everywhere. I guess I can understand why so many of them feel so bad all the time.
You don't like Master Li's leadership?
Lotus Inquisitor
Do you know that all of this adventuring and such has shamed me? I find myself dwelling on memories of my youth. I was a capable man once. I've lost so much. I've wasted so much.\n
You clearly do not understand how complex life can be. Why, if I just stopped drinking wine... I'd... I'd... I'd probably have a better chance at finding a wife, I suppose.
Then she'd make me get up before midday. I'd pole the barge and ride the river all day, then I'd come home to a house full of kids. And a wife... probably with a big dinner on the stove....
Yes, it does sound... nice. Even worth giving up the wine for. But it's not that easy. I... I don't think I'd be strong enough. I'm just a useless old drunk.
Thank you, my friend! I am going to get sober, find some poor unfortunate woman, and make her my wife! And it's all thanks to you. I owe you more than I can say. Thank you!
Nonsense! People say that all the time, but they don't really mean it. I've made bad decisions, and now I must live with them. I can't just suddenly turn my life around.
Now, you see, that makes sense! I may have nothing else in life, but I will always have my dearest lady: Madame Wine.
She will always keep me warm and happy, even when I'm cold and dead. Thank you for putting everything in perspective, my friend.
Yes... you have put it very succinctly. I am a drunk. That seems all I am capable of. Even you, my partner in adventure, can see that.
It is good that I know my limits. I am a drunkard, and that is what I shall remain for all my days. Thank you for putting everything in perspective.
If you can't feel it, then this feeling is as magical as it is foul. We should be on our guard.
We must be on guard. Something very big is happening here. Wait, does it feel colder all of a sudden?
Chai Ka: Demonic magic blackens the trees, but there is more at work here. We must be careful in our search.
Mad is what I am. A real loon, especially when I've had my fill of wine--like now. Truth is, I'd be happy to take you up to the Pirates' Camp... if I didn't have more pressing business.
No need to threaten me, young man! If you really want to go, I'll take you; I'm the only one crazy enough to make the trip. But we can't go just yet.
That's no way for a young lady to talk... though I have no doubt you could make good on your threat. If you really want to go, I'll take you. But we can't go just yet.
I was told you were brave enough to take me.
I didn't realize you were a coward.
Craven slug! You *will* take me!
Character Summary
Rat Demons are most susceptible to Iron Palm style.
I do. No need to get depressed over some simple statistics. Now, you have questions?
You need to find Dawn Star before returning to the village.
The champion of the Bronze Division, no less. You're doing very well for someone so new to this place.
If you haven't talked to Khana yet, do so! She swore to teach her style to the first person to defeat her!
I have some questions before you go.
I can't believe Khana's dead. Do you have any idea what could have happened?
You better show up at the pier!
Special Guest
Lotus Assassin Master
Yes you can. Just stop drinking.
Sounds like you might enjoy that.
[Intuition] A useless drunk couldn't have helped me reach the pirate lair.
You're right, it's too much work. Better just have a drink.
You can be a capable man again, you know.
This is a happy time, Ru. Have a drink and celebrate.
Those days are long gone. Now you're just a drunk.
Qui, you've got problems. The critters down below are going crazy. It's all we can do to keep them contained.
This sounds like your problem, Lao, not mine!
Nope. I don't have problems, but I do solve them. We'll get them back under control, but it might not be that easy. You have anyone who could help?
What do you say, Dragon?
What say you, Phoenix?
What do you think, Tiger?
Want to help out with this little problem? Maybe make a little silver on the side?
Good. Go with Three Reach Lao here, and see if you can help placerate some of them.
Fair enough. Nothing the handlers haven't dealt with before, right, Three Reach?
[Wild Flower can take care of the courtyard. There's no need to go that way.]
Meh. It's a living.
I don't understand a thing he says, but I don't understand much of what these scholars say, either.
What? Ha, that's quite... quite a question. I'm not sure who told you, but I'd appreciate it if you would keep your voice down when asking those kinds of questions.
Fuyao
I'm not taking the liver from someone who needs it! My daughter is alive and needs the organ to stay that way. It is my duty as a father to protect her, no matter what!
And what do the dead care, anyway? They cast off their flesh long ago.
Superstitious nonsense! A corpse is a corpse, with no feeling! Even if it does walk around more than normal. I'm sure there is a rational explanation.
My daughter is alive, and she needs the flesh they have already cast off! But the organ must be preserved, untouched by death. Only a few rare bodies are given such treatment.*cod2*
He is desperate. He has no one to turn to.
I guess you're too busy to bother then.
That's sick!
To steal from a corpse would doom its spirit.
I had no choice. Your people have taken my Master.
Palace Gate
Is there anything I can do to help you?
I have not forgotten the sacrifices you made to bring her back to me. I told you that I would repay you if I had the chance.
I don't want to get involved in this.
In Tien's Landing, Minister Sheng asked you to go upriver and destroy the river pirates who plague the town and its outlying settlements.
Stop the River Pirates
Sorry... I get a little worked up over it all. Had one moaning around the ceiling all last night. Chased it away, but.... The newer ones seem to be getting worse, as well.
Anything else you wanted to know?
I'll talk to anybody I want.
To rescue your teacher and gain vengeance, you must make your way to the pirate lair. In Tien's Landing, Minister Sheng told you that the only way to get to the pirate lair is to hire the drunken bargeman, Ru the Boatswain. Ru went off to the ruins, so you must seek him there.
Find Ru
Go to the ruins and find Ru the boatswain.
Found Ru
Find a way to the Imperial City
Reach the Pilgrim's Rest Inn.
If there's any help to be had reaching the Imperial City, a nearby inn called the Pilgrim's Rest seems the best place to start looking.
Lord Yun, the Bo or High Warden of this forest has offered to help you reach the city if you can clear the taint from this forest. He believes that a demon of some sort is behind the attacks and wants her destroyed.
Cleanse the Forest
You can't. Just move along.
You resist me?!
My strength will be victorious!
Dawn Star is very skilled, but she doesn't leave her garden very often.
Remember the basics. Remember the basics. Why does Master Li keep repeating that?
Everyone is talking about your victory. Well, that and ghost stories.
Master Li has disciplined Gao many times, but it just makes the fool more angry.
You cannot change henchman right now.
Gao is a disgrace. I don't know why Master Li lets him stay.
I hope you find Dawn Star. She was always kind, if a little strange.
You don't think Gao had something to do with Dawn Star disappearing, do you?
I hope someone in the village saw Dawn Star. It isn't like her to leave so abruptly.
I hope Dawn Star didn't leave the village. The path goes through the swamp, and that's a very dangerous place.
Zhang
No chance. It's braced from the other side. You can't get in unless you're a member.
You have a nice day now.
Ai Ling is inside, if you want to talk to her.
How do I become a member?
Open this door, or I'll break it down!
Sorry, Ai Ling and her new fella need their privacy. No visitors.
I know I was wrong; I admit it. But it doesn't make it hurt any less. I guess I just have to accept the fact that I'm never going to find a husband.
What respectable man would ever want to marry a girl like me? Even the lummoxes in my gang would only do it because they're afraid of me.
This town is short on eligible bachelors as it is. I mean, there are a few guys out there I know of... but none of them would be interested in me.
I have a reputation around town, and having my boys beat up Bei didn't help any. Any half-decent man would probably run if they saw me coming.
Ha! You really think you can pull this off? Tell you what. You find me a decent husband, I'll make it worth your while. My, uh, business ventures have been very profitable.
But don't think I'm desperate enough to settle for just anyone. I've got my standards. And I'd have to meet him first, of course.
Let's see... there's Ru the Boatswain, but he's nothing but a drunk. My boys have had more than a few run-ins with him over the years. He's definitely out.
Hmmm... Chumin the Craftsman is single. I don't know him that well, but he seems like a good man. He has a home in the southwest corner of the town.
And then there's Yaoru. He used to be a sailor traveling the Empire, but now he's looking to settle down. He might be a good catch. Spends most of his time in the teahouse.
Not living in town, and Tien's Landing doesn't get a lot of visitors. But if you find someone looking for a wife, bring him by so I can check him out.
Find and speak to Lord Yun.
With the forest closed, you may as well search for answers. Reach the Pilgrim's Rest and see what this Lord Yun has to say.
Investigate the forest's corruption.
Lord Yun has asked that you help him discover what is tainting the forest, and causing it to trap people within. Once you discover the cause of the corruption he will aid you in reaching the Imperial City.
Seek the truth behind the Inn.
Return to the Pilgrim's Rest and seek out the true source of corruption in the forest.
Escape the Caves
Reaching the Imperial City will require escaping these caves. Finding a legible wind map seems unlikely in this filthy place.
Head to the Imperial City
Kang the Mad is certain this windmap will carry you safely to the Imperial city. Speak with him when you are ready.
Yeah, right. The pickings in Tien's Landing are mighty slim for a girl like me. But if you find someone, just bring him by so I can meet him. And... well... good luck.
Of course not. Why should you? Why should anyone care about me? Just leave me alone... I might as well get used to it. I'm going to be alone forever.
So, how's the husband hunting going? If you find any good prospects, just bring them on by. You find me a keeper, and I'll make it worth your while.
Don't worry, I won't bother Bei anymore. I just have to accept the fact that I'm never going to find a husband.
That's no excuse for what you did.
You could still find a husband.
Maybe I can help you find a husband.
Tell me about the town's bachelors.
Suffice it to say that the Serpent makes it worth our while to fight as a group. You would benefit as well, if you could beat us.
So handily that you can no longer fight alone, it seems.
It sounds like you're unhappy with the situation.
Why not just refuse to fight as a group?
What incentives are those?
Enough about you. I want to ask about the other fighters.
Eh, suit yourself.
Always a pleasure to see a fine young lady at the bar. Not many people stopping by recently.
You look like a strong fellow. Probably need a few bowls to put you under a table, which is good. Not many people stopping by recently.
Is it? I hadn't noticed, but you're the customer, so it's all as you say.
Oh, I couldn't really speak to that. No, I'm not one to pay attention to the comings and goings of the arena.
Now, something to drink, or just here to chat?
I just serve drinks, but you're welcome to ask whatever you like.
Wait a minute. You're with the... gentleman aren't you? Extremely large, somewhat odorous? The Black... something. Yes, he mentioned you.
I'm afraid he's already running a tab under your name. Runs in here more often than the hourglass turns. I can't extend credit to you as well.
Exactly. It would wreak havoc on my books if I allowed two people to drink off the same account. The Ministry of Harmony would shut this place down.
No, but he did. I am but a humble barkeep, while he is a humble, gigantic, axe wielding battle-hardened warrior prone to fits of murderous anger. The choice seemed obvious.
Besides, as a member of the arena, you shouldn't be drinking yourself into a stupor.
I'm certain you understand, and even if not, there is little I can do now. Now, is there something else I can help you with?
If you ever do, I'll be here.
You're back? Nothing much has happened since you've been gone.
The Lotus Assassins? Can't help you much there. Don't know anything about the Lotus Assassins.
Yeah, well the old guy's a bit of a slacker, but....
No, nothing at all except that they take exceptional interest in people who ask questions about them. An exceptional interest indeed.
Can't rightly say. I'm sure it was a misunderstanding of some sort. I didn't really see what happened.
Oh, it's easy to miss such things. Busy drink orders, dirty bowls... any number of things can come up.
Don't trouble yourself over such things. Stirring up things that bothered you only summons them back to do so again. Best to move on.
I'm sorry? It was my understanding that I run this establishment.
Not that I can recall. A smart man knows when it's best not to know. You could learn from that.
I'm sorry, but I'm unaware of anyone in control of anything beyond the questions they choose to ask.
Ultimately, you're not here to worry about shadowy figures in control of things, are you? You're here to enjoy yourself, so do so!
Sorry, can't say I've heard of him.
Oh, was he? Well, in that case, extend my best regards his way.
This Serpent fellow must be a dangerous man, if he held that position for any length of time. Certainly not a man I would cross... were I an acquaintance, of course.
Does he? Then I'm sure someone else must know him. Important work, running things. Important work.
Why talk about it when you can walk about it? Wander the streets, take in the sights. Don't stay in here if you're curious.
Not much more than what you'd see by looking around yourself.
This tavern's the usual setup: You order a drink, you get one, and you either stare at it mournfully or drink it and order another.
You should direct questions about the arena to Qui the Promoter. He's usually in the back rooms where the fighters mill about.
I don't follow the arena much.
Oh heavens, no. I have vital things to attend to up here. Vital things that in no way influence the very expensive bets parading around this place.
I'd have to say whoever you're up against next, son.
Whoever's facing you next would be the most likely person to watch out for, miss. I can't imagine staring too far past them would help you much.
Dutong doesn't pay me anything right now. But next week he's going to double that!
So, I hear you helped out Baker Bei today. Gave my boys a bit of a lesson, didn't you?
Lan? What are you doing here?
What? This place is busy right now.
No, look around, it's really busy.
How could this tavern be slow with the arena in the same building?
What do you have to drink?
You're saying I can't drink because someone else is drinking for me?
I didn't approve that oaf's drinking!
I need nothing from you right now.
What was happening with that man who was roughed up?
It happened right in front of you, how could you not see it?
Forget I asked.
What can you tell me about the Guild that runs this place?
You know nothing about the Guild that's supposed to be in charge here?
I know all about them. I just want your take on their control here.
I figured we better get all the secrets out, Bei. If Lan's going to marry you, she should know what kind of man you really are.
You are free to do as you wish with it. I think it still functions. There are figurines in the chest next to it that are part of the riddle it presents.
Can you tell me about Kai Lan the Serpent?
You must have! He was a champion in the arena.
Don't bother trying to protect him. I know he runs things around here.
Just don't let it interfere with more important tasks. I do not favor such unsophisticated diversions.
You fought well, and the record is yours.
Can we talk about the Imperial City?
What can you tell me about the arena and this tavern?
Any advice for me with regards to the arena?
It's right behind you though! You don't just look around?
All I want is to know who to watch out for.
What? Bei, how could you!
I didn't! It's a lie. I haven't spoken to her in years... not since we were kids!
Don't pretend like you don't remember, Bei! It was summer, and we were sitting on a little raft catching fish. I was upset because Lishun had called me ugly.\n
What? But that... that was years ago. We were kids. We were only six years old! You can't hold me to that!
I have a feeling it will stay yours for some time. Smiling Mountain says I will be fine, but his eyes told me that I may have injured myself badly.
Jade Heart
This magical gem provides the means to allow the dam to be opened and closed. By removing this gem you can ensure that the dam remains open and merchant Jiang's business continues to thrive.
No! Please, living one. There has been too much death. If you find him just... just bring him here to bury our bones. Then we can finally rest.
Now we are trapped here, forever. We are tired... so very tired. But we can rest if you bring Kindly Yushan here to bury our bones.
Hmph! Big people never help us. They only want to hurt.
If you can cleanse the temple of the Lurkers that dwell within it, Chai Ka says that he can open a gate that will let you follow the creature that attacked you.
Things can't be that bad, right? After all, you're here. If the town was truly doomed, would we still be getting visitors? I think not!
Gem Gained
Jade Gained
Weapon Gained
Item Gained
Spirit Gained
A gem has cracked.
That wizard with the bandits was scary, but he didn't last long against Master Li.
Ing better figure out a way to get us out of here soon, or I'm going to snap!
The folks of this town were kind at first. But now, they're starting to annoy me.
If one more of these villagers sneers at me, I'm going to start punching.
Silk Fox, the warrior from Tien's Landing, is actually the alias of Princess Sun Lian the Heavenly Lily. She is the daughter of the Emperor and has a vested interest in events that affect the Jade Empire.
The Emperor and the Assassins
PC helped the Sprit
Dummy. Task is never visible.
PC Killed the spirit
Help the Spirit
Investigate the temple.
There was an attack when a group of Spear's hunters approached the temple just off the forest path. That seems a possible place to start your investigation.
Search for a missing hunter.
Seek out the other survivor of the temple attack. Spear has searched everywhere but the ogre cave.
Lure the creature into an attack.
The last attack happened at the large temple near the inn when the gem in your possession was found. Perhaps it will work again.
Outlaw
Find the spirit.
Chai Ka has opened a gate for you to pursue the creature he claims is a spirit of the forest to her own domain. Seek her out.
Return to the Inn.
With the Forest Shadow destroyed, you should return to the Inn to see if that will satisfy Lord Yun and earn you his help in traveling to the Imperial City.
The Forest Shadow is certain the true corruption stems from the Inn. Return there to investigate.
Investigate the Inn.
There must be a way out of this inn. Perhaps the back rooms hold some clues.
Defeat the Cannibal Master.
These cannibals must be what's corrupting the forest. Find and defeat their master.
Find a way out of the caves
The cannibal mother's cave may have an exit to the surface, but you'll likely have to deal with her before you can escape.
Meet With the Princess
While she couldn't tell you out loud for fear of being overheard, the note she left you asked that you meet the princess at the entrance of the Scholars' Garden, away from the eyes of her entourage.
The Inquisitor
Seek the favor of the Lotus Assassin Inquisitor.
Seek the favor of the Lotus Assassin Executioner.
Return to the flyer to discuss infiltrating the Lotus Assassin fortress. You can still seek the favor of the second Lotus Assassin recruiter, but it isn't critical to your progress.
The Lotus Assassin Fortress
Enter the Lotus Assassin fortress and return with the information the Princess requires.
Enter the Lotus Assassin fortress and return with the information the Princess requires. If you still wish to finish the task of the second Lotus Assassin recruiter, make sure you have done so before entering the fortress.
[A non verbal utterance of shock before feinting.]
The docks
Get Ready to Leave
When you are ready to leave for the palace, return to the Marvelous Dragonfly and tell Princess Lian/Silk Fox. Make sure you have concluded all other business in the Imperial City.
Contrary to what the Princess/Silk Fox believed, the evidence from the Lotus Assassin fortress confirms that her father is the true architect of the evils that plague the Empire. She will still take you to the palace, however, so that you both can confront the Emperor and demand an explanation.
As much as I would value your company, I'm afraid I must decline. I have come here to do something for myself, and I must do it alone.
Who knows? Maybe the fates will throw us together again. Until that time, there's a door we should deal with.
Which is to say, silver. How fortunate that Minister Sheng is surrounded by such generous visitors!
I'll admit, it would seem suspicious to me, too. The thing is, I know how long I spent tracking this place down.\n
Things like how to reach the upper levels of this place, despite that security door.
The Boathouse
You'd best be careful who you accuse of such things.
Do not try to apprehend the Scourge of the South, but instead, report what you've seen to the authorities immediately.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Your brothers inside made me clean up their chicken bones. I came as soon as I finished, but in my haste I tripped and fell down the stairs!
I'm tired of your excuses, you useless bag of dung! You think we should take pity on you just because you used to be one of us?
You're nobody now! If you weren't so pathetic we'd have sold you as a slave long ago!
Master Smiling Hawk's Room
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Don't beat me. I'll get the wine and some food, yes?
Get up, you snivelling cur! I'll bet this boy cleaning the dock could do a better job fetching our wine! Screw up again and I'll slit your throat!
Fourth Brother's Room
Fifth Brother's Room
Of course we'll have to make some changes around here. This trial has raised too much suspicion. But you'll still need to keep quiet about it.
Pirate Cheung in the Pirate Lair suggested a way to take out a number of enemies at once: Set fire to the old ship, wait for the pirates to run out onto the pier, and cut the rope near Pirate Cheung. This rope holds up an old cannon that will obliterate the pier and the pirates.
The Cannon Drop
Set Fire to the Ship
Using a brand from the fire near Pirate Cheung, set fire to the ship.\n
You have set fire to the ship, now you need only to break the rope near Pirate Cheung.
Break the Rope Holding the Cannon
There is a rope near Pirate Cheung holding up an old cannon. When the pirates are on the pier, break this rope.
You successfully carried out Pirate Cheung's plan and killed many pirates.
Oh dear, oh dear, this won't do.
Buy Medicinal wraps
Fen Do finished creating the medicinal wraps and will sell them to me.
Kia Ming from the school asked me to get her some medicinal wraps from the merchant Fen Do in the village. I need to buy the wraps from Fen Do.
Return to Kia Ming
I bought the medicinal wraps and should return to the school to deliver them to Kia Ming.
Kia Ming from the school asked me to get her some medicinal wraps from the merchant Fen Do in the village. I got the medicinal wraps from Fen Do and need to deliver them to Kia now.
I finished the quest about Kia Ming's hurting leg. And there was much rejoicing
Find Sixth Brother Gaoshan and challenge him to a fight.
The Temple of Dirge
The man with the eye-wrap was Inquisitor Lim, a Lotus Assassin. Very cruel. The wealthy merchant was Gao the Greater, of course. He runs this place.
I'm glad you were here to fill in. We would have sunk faster than a bottomless boat without a solid Lady Fourteen Flowers on hand.
There's no time for you to run back and get yours. I'm sure we can find one to fit in the back, though most of our performers are less... broad.
That cheating, lying sow! Sullying the Ren name and dragging it in the dirt like this! Putting *me* in the dirt!
I won't get in the way. I'm small!
It was only a matter of days before each king enacted what they thought was a pre-emptive strike. With fire breaks dug and their kingdoms safe, fire broke out on every border of the woods.
With nowhere to turn but inward, the fires soon burned to the heart of the forest. The Mother, who had invested so much of her strength in the trees, was crippled.
I too was diminished, but like the easily fooled kings, I was prepared for the flames.
Weakened, the Mother fell into a torpor, and I worked tirelessly to help the forest regrow. It was a victory through sacrifice, but the forest regrew stronger than even before.
Fading Moon
Ren Feng, if I ever get my claws on you, I'll leave you a stinking, bloated corpse!
You... you've heard of me? What do you know? What do you want here? I have no time for idiots who only want to rob my grave!
The whore of a wife who left me to die! Who killed me!
Poisoned me! In my own house! When I find her....
Oh, but I can! I can find her and tear her to shreds! I'll scatter her bones to the corners of the earth!
But first, I need to find my way out of this damnable cemetery. No matter which way I turn, I always end up back here.
Find her. Bring her to me. Let me kill her and draw the last agonizing breaths from her body, and you will have my eternal gratitude.
What do you want? Have you found that worthless bitch yet?
Perfect. Absolutely perfect.
[You gaze upon the Chan family plot. There are 4 tombstones here.]
[*cod6*Chan Han. Loving mother devoted to her three children.*cod6*]
[*cod6*Chan Li. A boy named in honor of the Glorious Strategist.*cod6*]
[*cod6*Chan Ding Sheng. Founding father of the Resplendent Sun.*cod6*]
[*cod6*Chan Tuo. Named in honor of his uncle, Tuo De.*cod6*]
[Look at the first tombstone. Chan Han.]
[Look at the second tombstone. Chan Li.]
[Look at the third tombstone. Chan Ding Sheng.]
[Look at the fourth tombstone. Chan Tuo.]
My baby, please where is he? Where has Shen taken him?
Y... yes. If you know me, then you must know the pain I feel. My baby! That monster Shen has taken him from me!
You don't have to kill people like this!
This... this is him! My... my poor darling. Chan Tuo. He is truly dead after all. I... I could not bring myself to believe it.
Dead before his time, he rests here near my own body. My darling, darling boy. I come to you now.
He didn't deserve to die!
Please, find my baby and return him to me!
Yes... my darling little boy. He was so pretty when he was born. And so quiet too! His blue little face....
Please! You have to help me find him! Shen must know where he is. That abominable little man took him from me. Kill him, torture him, whatever you need. Just find my baby!
You must be the Mister Ren I've heard about.
I don't know anything. Tell me.
Find that hideous little man and bring the truth out of him however you can!
Who are you talking about?
You're dead. You can't do anything now.
Could I find your wife for you?
I teamed up with Dawn Star and delivered Master Li's letter to the smith.
Tell me what happened.
Shen paid me to put you down, and I think I'll enjoy it.
No, I haven't found her yet.
I... I don't remember... anything. I know that I'm... not well, but... Yes. I am dead, I suppose. But my baby is not! He can't be! A mother would know, wouldn't she?
You're from *Shen*? Where is he? What has he done with my baby? Give him to me, and I'll tear the answer out of him!
Never!
Have you found my baby? Have you seen him?
He was only a few moments old when that vile man took him from me, ripped him from my arms, and carried him away.
He took him from me! And after so little time... he was only a few moments old when that monster ripped him away from me.
Please, find my baby! Bring him back to me. Let me know how he's doing.
No... *No!* I can't... I refuse to believe it! My darling precious little boy... he can't be dead. Not now... not like this! He must be out there! I must see him with my own eyes!
No. It's impossible. You must be confused. You must have mistaken him for someone else. I... I can't bear the thought that I have lost him.
I can't believe anything you say. Words lie. People lie. I must see him with my own eyes. If he were dead, he would be here in my family plot, with my other relatives.
All the scattered kingdoms have seen the light of his rule, and our Emperor's advisors grow in number.
But what word from the wastes of the Horselords? Ah! What is this? Why, 'tis Lady Fourteen Flowers! We can only hope she brings word.
My dearest Lady Fourteen Flowers! Under what banner does your entourage travel today?
A crimson red? Does my lady think to celebrate a marriage? I had heard nothing of this previously, but accept my congratulations.
The color of the sky under which you travel and the symbol of the woods you would pass through, an auspicious color indeed.
Peace in the north! Could this be? Have all the Horselords been subjugated so easily! Heaven smiles upon the Empire today!
Indeed? The color of the earth to keep you safe as you travel across the many roads to this capital.
Your... banner was a... blend? How odd. The spotters reported that it was the purest white of the lily, as if there was word of peace.
Your arrival here is certainly welcome, as your kingdom is one of the most recent to join the Jade Empire. We have had word that the hostilities have ceased.
Tell me, most gracious lady, when was this momentous decision reached?
A... most interesting time for such a decision. Very well, as my lady would have it.
You phrase that most interestingly, Lady Fourteen Flowers. Why do I sense that there is more to this story?
But surely the might of the Jade Empire is unquestionable, and our will to victory unswayed.
He... but... I see. How my lady would know such a thing I will not ask, for I fear the answer most deeply.
Of course, for the Flower Guardians seek always to cloud the Emperor's thoughts. But our most exalted Emperor saw through them, I'm sure.
We can only hope that the emperors of the future will know better than to trust flowers plucked by the hand of death itself!
Sagacious Tien is indeed wise to think on matters of such import even while he sleeps.
Regardless of the decision's timing, I'm sure our exalted leader acted upon his mind when the day faded to night. He would think upon things for the day.
And tell me, most gracious madam, when the final blow was struck, where was our noble leader? Deep in the wastes of the north?
Ghost Aberration
Warrior Spirit
[This pillar of stone contains some sort of metallic object within it. Carved into its crystalline surface is an inscription.]
[The Dragon Amulet was with you in Dirge. I understand what it does, but you are the one meant to be trained in its use. I am sorry that my actions denied you this.]*cod2*
I guess it couldn't hurt to go talk to her. Come on, let's go see Ai Ling.
[Even mindless spirits may be drawn to you, just as they were confined here. In achieving your true power, you become a target that many will not be able to resist.]
Why isn't it working?!
Yes, you brought this up before. Ai Ling, right? To be honest, I'm not that interested in marrying a gang leader known for her cruelty.
What did Li tell you? That I murdered your people and caused the restless dead? Side effects! Afterthoughts! This is about power, and I will add yours to what I have stolen!
[My student, I hope you realize your importance. The restless dead must be allowed to find their way to the underworld. All of us will suffer if things continue as they are.]*cod2*
[Seek the source of this problem, and eradicate it. That is your purpose and burden. I hope that the basics that I have taught you will aid you in setting everything right.]
Damn those protective wards, this place needs more decapitations!
[You can retire to your tent for the night.]
Doesn't it hurt?
FOCUS RUN
My power is stretched thin... bled away... and you are too small, too mortal to truly understand. But small things can move beneath the notice of others.
Your Master hopes that you will grow strong while he leads the predators away. His reasons are clouded, but you must find a way through the fog.
You are the one who can hear; the one who can act. Search... but look also for yourself. You are a Spirit Monk, and you are the last.
The amulet is a focus; it will guide you. But when you know both sides of the veil of death, ability alone will save you.
Pity the world if you fail, Spirit Monk, for you are the last.
LOCKED
What is this? Another trick of the dead?
You are indeed an apt pupil. I didn't think you could beat me so soon after joining the school. You should try your skills against Fourth Brother, if you haven't already.
You show much promise. If you keep practicing, you will no doubt surpass us all. Would you like another match?
Hello again. What can I do for you?
You must be the new student. I'm Fifth Brother Shangjin. There's been quite a stir regarding your entry into the school... most unorthodox.
It would seem Master Radiant is up to his tricks again. Regardless, you've defeated Sixth Brother so we can spar. Would you care to try your skills against mine?
Good. Follow me.
The Black Leopard School is the most respected school in all the Empire, but we are losing that respect.
Yes, I'd like to fight you now.
Where is Second Brother?
You weren't hurt?
My blades would be brittle, and even simple iron work would be clunky. Eventually, I had to leave home.
My father is no longer my father. More precisely, I'm no longer a son in his eyes.\n
I wasn't sure what to do after being cast from my home, but coming east to the city made sense.
Don't think for a moment this makes me happy. I fight these memories every day.
Until your instruction, the only training I had was watching the fights here. I came a long way by myself, and I think I can go further still now that I've had your help.
I was never properly trained. I've learned what I have from watching the fights here. Practicing hard and staying focused.
That's my story. One day, I'll make it here, and my father will have to be proud of me. This is my chance to be someone great, and I'm sticking to it!
Why did you have to leave?
How did you end up here in the arena?
Where did you learn to fight?
You're far too happy for any of this to be true.
Was that Sagacious Zu up ahead? I knew he was a traitor. Why else would he be sneaking into the fortress?
We will have to be doubly careful. There's no telling what traps he has laid out for us.
Was that Sagacious Zu ahead? I know he wouldn't leave us, but what is he doing sneaking in there?
Keep a careful eye out. He may be in need of our help.
It seems our crafty friend is one step ahead of us. To clear the way or set the alarm, I wonder.
Be on your guard. We cannot know his intent if he is unsure of it himself.
That was Zu up there, wasn't it? Hmm... maybe we will get lucky and he'll set the whole place on us.
Might not be the best one to be *in,* but it will be grand to see.
Was that Sagacious Zu? What's he doing here?
Chai Ka: His presence here does not damn him, but be on your guard, for many things are uncertain.
Ya Zhen: The coincidence of his being here does not mean he works against us, but I would kill him, just to be sure.
Sagacious Zu is ahead of us? What fool willingly descends into a ghoulish place like this? Only the most disturbed of madmen, certainly.
Er, outside of ourselves, of course. We remain perfectly sane, despite doing exactly the same.
Fair enough.
You, of all people, should know about it.
Wait a minute. I want to see the pirates get what's coming to them, but there's no point in doing this the hard way.
No, wait! My pirate days are long behind me, I swear. I'll even help you get rid of those guards out on the dock.
Those drunks on the pier were supposed to unload the ship, but they're too lazy to finish the job. They left a cannon suspended above the dock, supported by this single rope.
One quick pull and that cannon comes crashing down, taking out the dock and anyone on it. But my old bones can't pull hard enough to loosen the knots in the rope.
They're... they're dead! I don't have to sweep the dock no more! You saved me!
But there's more pirates inside. Lots more. They'll catch you, and you'll be a slave like the rest of us. Or they'll kill you.
A washed up old man used to be a scourge of the seas?
How are you going to get even?
Run along, old man. I'll take care of them.
We will talk again. This distraction will not last forever. My father must answer to these claims.
This area is off limits! Intruders will be executed!
I am a soldier of the Imperial Army, sent by Death's Hand to destroy anyone foolish enough to enter this place.
Unfortunately, this includes you! Kill the peasant!
Do not whine to me, peasant! We have orders from Death's Hand himself. All intruders die!
Impudence! We have orders from Death's Hand himself, peasant. All intruders die!
Then we can deal with more pleasurable topics.
I didn't have a choice about landing here.
I go where I like.
I want answers, and there is only one place left to get them.
You delay us just to chat with your dashing rogue? Be quick about it.
About me? I am Princess Sun Lian the Heavenly Lily. What more are you worthy of knowing?
You! Peasant! Are you the one who has been killing all of these soldiers? Feel honored, for now you die by the hand of their leader.
I better kill you to keep you quiet.
I do not remember ever being allowed to just be a child. My mother died when I was born, shortly before the end of the Long Drought and the fall of my uncles.
I was in the care of tutors too afraid to punish me, and too ingratiating to teach me anything useful. I quickly found ways to sneak away from the palace.
They dared not report my excursions for fear they would be punished. They would scurry around all day trying in vain to find me.
Yes, it was. I... didn't fully understand the risk and made some mistakes, but in the end, what I have become is a result of that.
In the city, I met the people: the peasants, the homeless, the thieves. It was a much different world from what you see from the palace.
I met the people: the peasants, the homeless, the thieves. Such a different world from what you see from the palace walls.
They never realized who I was. I'm sure they would have been terrified of the army storming in to rescue me. Most just wanted to be left alone.
That life was exciting, but also useful. Even Lotus Assassins overlook the beggar on the street, but she still has eyes and ears.
Ah, the shadow behind my public self. How else can a curious princess learn what really happens in her domain?
I don't have time to interpret the veiled statements of advisors, so I became a thief, an assassin, whatever I needed to be.
People will not speak to the princess; bad news kills the messenger first. Silk Fox knows how to persuade. That is how I learned about the activities of Death's Hand.
There are many excuses for a vain princess to retreat from sight for days, even weeks at a time. My father encourages such getaways.
And if courtiers ever discovered that I was not where I said I would be, who would dare question the Heavenly Lily?
I may eschew the formality of it, but being the daughter of the Emperor still has its privileges.
There is a freedom in it. I have the resources to go anywhere and the secrecy to do anything. If I wished it, I could be quite carefree.
But that is not what I have found in practice. Instead, I see how my father's reign has twisted, and I know I must do something.
One day I'll reach your level of skill, but not unless I keep practicing with Smiling Mountain
This whole island is crawling with pirates. They'll kill you... but they won't catch me again! I know where to hide!
Fascinating! How very interesting to meet you!
Seek Out the Executioner Recruiter
I release these healing energies through the very precise insertion of needles into the skin. It truly is an art.
Acupuncture is also a most ancient science, studied as long as the Empire has stood. Those studies benefit the warriors in this place most directly.
How can you fight in the dark? We learn these things through study and discipline.
The nerves of the hand are incredibly sensitive. The eyes can be fooled by something as insubstantial as light.
My needles, used properly, can enhance your strength, restore your inner vitality, and unlock energies you barely knew your body held.
The only thing I have found I am unable to affect with my needles is your inner magic. It seems even acupuncture has its limits.
Of course! Only through the broadening of our conversations can we broaden our minds.
I'm afraid I can't help you. I know all the fighters, but I am not at liberty to discuss them.
You would delay us for a chat with your precious country girl? Pat her head and get back soon.
I have things to prepare. I understand Hapless Han will be fighting soon, and the poor lad requires considerable attention after his bouts.
What I do know is that several of the techniques pioneered by what we call the *cod6*new schools*cod6* would have astonishing effects on one with your energy.
Miraculous?
There are no miracles in acupuncture! It is... a science! Tested and refined for thousands of years. Bah. Miracles are for the heavens.
I do not like to speak about that. I try to avoid the court as much as possible.
It is filled with sycophants pandering to the fancies of my father, with little or no concern to their own dignity.
It is... distasteful.
I can handle myself better than any of the fancy courtiers who attempt to match me. I know that someday the court will be mine to rule.
The imperial court performs a necessary function in a very inefficient way.
When I succeed my father, there will be quite a cleaning-out. But with Death's Hand manipulating him, that day seems less and less likely.
It would be very improper for someone of my standing to say anything... unless you make me a little more comfortable.
I have already shared something of myself. Can you tell me something about you? Is there anyone that you care for?
That... that I can relate to. I know what it's like to be alone. I have suitors in love with my station, not me. They speak to me for their own gain, nothing else.
But I can't allow myself to take the high road in this manner. Am I the Heavenly Lily or the Silk Fox? I am lying to everyone in some way.\n
I should not be ungrateful. Everything in my life is dedicated solely to making me happy, but I am at odds with so much.
I am always behind a mask, not just when I am Silk Fox. I am not allowed to show an interest in politics, defending the Empire... or even spontaneous affection.
You were amusing at first, but now I am drawn further than I meant to be. What do you suppose I should do about that?
Can you see the dilemma you represent? Not only is our deepening friendship prohibited by station, but by... so much more.
I am not certain I want you to.
If the freedom you suggest is there, I have never felt it. I have hidden within this costume so I would not have to conform to what others want.
It feels more like a retreat than a victory. I can show strength, certainly, but only by hiding my true nature.
I have tried to make a place for myself. It was difficult, but I have succeeded, despite Death's Hand or my father, or what people think.
The Jade Empire has had strong female leaders before. Most met with... unfortunate ends. At critical junctures, they were abandoned.
Whatever I decide... about the Empire or... about you, can I count on you to be here?
You asked me about my first love. It was the Empire and its people. There might be room for another... given time and effort.
I don't think I will shatter any grand conventions of the Empire by courting outside the list of pockmarked nephews of statesmen.
You and I will have much to discuss after we have restored my father. I am looking forward to it.
How would the court react? You have the skill to be charmingly discrete, but a few people could use a shock, now and then.
If I remain useful? You goad me this far, only to reveal I am little more than a tool? I don't understand you, and I can't spend all my energy trying.
Allow me a formal introduction. I am Doctor An, acupuncturist.
I know you well enough. Hapless Han stumbled in here for yet another treatment after you defeated him.
In your rise to become our most honored champion, I have seen much of what you do, albeit after the fact.
Lucky Cho
You are one of the arena's contestants, are you not? I hear talk that you are one of the most promising new contenders.
But you are another matter.\n
When I look at you, I see someone I could know better than anyone. Someone who could understand... what I need.
It frightens me how much you intrigue me.
[Success] Hmm, no doubt you would. You treat me like the foolish boys I have tossed aside in the past. I think... I rather like that.
I do not recognize your voice, but within it I can hear the energy of one trained for combat.
But I should not prattle on at you. What do you need from me?
[Failure] You are brazen. If you had the guile to disguise this affair, we might have a future, but I just... don't know.
I don't know that my eyes are ready to be opened as wide as you want. Perhaps... perhaps when the well being of the Empire is less of a distraction.
In another time... things might be different.
While I cannot see you, your appearances are hard to ignore. Welcome again.
As princess, I cannot pick and choose what rules of the Empire I follow... not if I am trying to restore the glory it once had.
You tease with a friendship that has no future. I have many suitors, in both of my guises, but you draw me in like no other.\n
How have you done this? Why have you done this?\n
Is that what this is? For me it almost became more. I... I'm glad you made your intentions clear, but I don't wish to play this game anymore.
You taunt with feelings I cannot have and dare not want. And it is my fault for encouraging you. You are unlike any woman I have ever met.\n
It's funny; I turned many men into fools with charms similar to those you now direct at me. I truly did not understand the power we hold. Why do we not rule?
Now you sound like a revolutionary. I no longer know if you speak of personal desires or the fate of the Empire. Perhaps you see them as the same.
[Success] You asked me to tell you of my first love. Until this moment it was the Empire. Until this moment....
Now I see how I have been a slave to tradition, how I have worked to save an Empire that does not satisfy me.
When we take control back from Death's Hand, there will be changes. After all, things got this way because of foolish weaknesses.
Silk Fox will be getting quite a bit of attention from now on. If I decide that some of it will be yours, you will know.
You may regret what you have done here. Do you know what it will take to satisfy me, now that what I want is so important?
Hapless Han stumbled in here for yet another treatment after you defeated him.
Are you here for a treatment, or simple socializing?
Of course! Have a look.
The Lotus Assassins? I know nothing.
I have heard rumors that they recruit from the higher levels of the arena, but I discount such notions.
Acupuncture is the process of healing the body through the release of its own energies. There are other applications, such as an understanding of the pressure points of the body as well.
The recruiter for the Lotus Assassin Executioners in usually found in the tavern within the Imperial Arena, which is located at the north end of the Market District.
What's strange about my energy?
How can you perform acupuncture when you're blind?
How do these treatments work?
Hurry up. I need answers, and there's only one place left to get them.
What benefits could I receive from your skills?
Can we talk about something else?
Can you answer some questions about the arena?
Good. My father has much to answer for. I know he will explain everything. And if Death's Hand is there... I'll have some words for him, as well.
Kang! Those flags that I gave you, the ones with the royal seals? Mount them on your pile of scrap and let's go! I don't want to waste any more time!
I should let you be.
The new schools of what?
You must be the local seller of miraculous cures.
We will have much to *discuss* once we dispose of Death's Hand. I look forward to a... stimulating conversation.
Your attention... until a short time ago I would not have thought that was an option. You intrigue me.
Hmm, I am sure you would. Again you treat me like the foolish boys I have tossed aside in the past. I think... I like that.
I say that I will decide what is meant to be and what is not. If you are lucky, perhaps I will even tell *you.*
Yes it is. This must never be allowed to happen again. You have opened my eyes. I will not shut them again.
You inspire many intriguing feelings in me. Until a short time ago, I wouldn't have thought this possible.
[Failure] You asked me about my first love? It will always be the Empire. I won't abandon tradition because of my foolish needs. I am stronger than that.
We need to stay focused on what is important, and that is exposing Death's Hand. Nothing else... nothing else matters.
I... I think we are through here.
A noble... how romantic. Aloof, separate by class and breeding. Unattainable for a peasant... normally.
Wanting someone you can never have. Love you can never show in public. Such loneliness should not exist.
I have contributed to that. The princess behaves as she should, reinforcing the very rules I despise, all to protect Silk Fox. Which one am I?
Is that so? I do not see as much in him, but you have been distracting me. I am beginning to think that it is intentional.
You are an interesting woman. I think we are very similar in some ways. Perhaps we were sisters in another life.
Or perhaps we were... something else.
I... begin to wonder what you want from me. Perhaps I am just too uncertain of my own nature. I live two lives, and I no longer know which is truly me.
I thought as much. She is... simple, in many respects. I do not mean that as an insult, really. Sometimes I wish I could be as honest about who I am.
There are times when the line blurs between the Heavenly Lily and Silk Fox. I am no longer certain of which I truly am.
You announce your questions like a wild animal, with no warning of the claws you unleash. Proceed slowly, lest you turn me away.
You can only understand if you see. I will make you see. I will make you understand!
You ruled here? Were you a master at the school?
Back, ghost! I have been warned of your lies.
Speak of your torment. I must understand it.
Where do you need to go? Who is the shepherd?
Who clouds the way? What is blocking you?
Bah! Despite your words, you're as mindless as the other ghosts.
The Minion of Suffering
Quit the game and return to the title screen? Warning: All unsaved progress will be lost.
I don't think so. I doubt the Emperor would have been fooled. It's not really worth considering.
They're the Emperor's personal guardians. In the Imperial City, they watch everyone and everything, looking for those who would question the course of the Empire.
The Lotus Assassins... visit... people who ask a lot of questions. The Emperor hasn't been seen much recently. His advisors run things. They're not gentle.
Why would you be worried about the Lotus Assassins?
Why are people questioning the direction the Empire is taking?
What sort of dangers would the Imperial City have?
Could there have been a mistake?
With my mind free of the worry I had for my daughter, I was able to look at my old notes once more, and I realized something I could do.
Here, this is a collection of all the notes and learning I accumulated in trying to save my daughter. It is science, not magic. I am sure it will be able to assist you.
That's better. I like that you listen, although your request is still very improper... unless you make me a little more comfortable.
I hope that you use it wisely on the path the heavens have given you.
I thank you once more. I hope the heavens look kindly on you and give you a fate to be proud of.
Why not give her your own liver?
Your death will be a message to Death's Hand of my coming!
I need to find a Lotus Assassin Recruiter. Can you help me?
Tell me more about what you do here.
Impressive handiwork, though I find myself in a position to wish you were less skilled. Especially with Han. He is a continual strain on my time.
I think you misunderstand the situation. I have no problems treating Han, but I receive no compensation for tending to injuries.
I shouldn't complain, though. The arena pays me to look after you fighters, and Han's constant injuries have helped me hone my healing skills to a razor edge.
I would not say that losing my sight at a young age was a gift, but I have not let it become a burden, either.
What's wrong with treating Han?
If all you do is complain, I'm surprised Han or anyone else bothers to come back.
Pretty Li-Li
Legendary Kick
Power Attack (Chi Strike)
The Legendary Strike slam, when charged with chi, inflicts more damage.
Legendary Kick knocks back your opponent
Legendary Kick (Chi Strike) knocks back your opponent and inflicts Chi damage
Legendary Kick (Chi Strike) knocks back your opponent and is unblockable.
Chi healing rate quadruples when you use this style.
She killed a man, was that a *cod6*mistake*cod6* too?
Hey, you're the man the captain said to look out for! He said to tell you thank you very much, and to give you this.
Flawed Warrior Gem
Inferior Warrior Gem
Warrior Gem
Flawed Monk Gem
Inferior Monk Gem
Monk Gem
Flawed Scholar Gem
Inferior Scholar Gem
Scholar Gem
I am cut. Send a bug.
+20 Health Gem
+30 Health Gem
+40 Health Gem
+50 Health Gem
+10 Chi Gem
+20 Chi Gem
+30 Chi Gem
+40 Chi Gem
+50 Chi Gem
+10 Focus Gem
+20 Focus Gem
+30 Focus Gem
+40 Focus Gem
+50 Focus Gem
Body +1*cod2**cod2*This flawed gem provides minor bonus to your Body.
Body +2*cod2**cod2*This inferior-quality gem provides a small bonus to your Body.*cod2*
Body +4*cod2**cod2*This average-quality gem provides a good bonus to your Body.
Spirit +1*cod2**cod2*This gem, while flawed, provides a minor boost to your Spirit.*cod2**cod2*
Spirit +2*cod2**cod2*This gem, while of inferior quality, provides a small boost to your Spirit.
Spirit +4*cod2**cod2*This average-quality gem provides a sizeable boost to your Spirit.*cod2*
Mind +1*cod2**cod2*This flawed gem provides a minor boost to your Mind.*cod2*
Mind +2*cod2**cod2*This gem is of inferior quality and provides a small boost to your Mind.*cod2*
Mind +4*cod2**cod2*This average-quality gem provides a sizeable boost to your Mind.
This gem gives a +10 bonus to Health
This gem gives a +20 bonus to Health
This gem gives a +30 bonus to Health
This gem gives a +40 bonus to Health
This gem gives a +50 bonus to Health
This gem gives a +10 bonus to chi.
This gem gives a +20 bonus to chi.
This gem gives a +30 bonus to chi.
This gem gives a +40 bonus to chi.
This gem gives a +50 bonus to chi.
This gem gives a +10 bonus to Focus
This gem gives a +20 bonus to Focus
This gem gives a +30 bonus to Focus
This gem gives a +40 bonus to Focus
This gem gives a +50 bonus to Focus
Quarry
To Tien's Landing
Dam Site
Those who fight against a master of this style will find their own strength turned against them. It is not the most powerful style but has the strongest defenses, making a wielder very hard to hit and very dangerous in the long run.
Soldier Ghost
Magic Kingdom
I don't care who you are, you are in my way!
Emergency heal*cod2**cod2*This gem watches over your Health. If your Health drops below 50%, the gem heals you and destroys itself.
Spellsaver Gem
Heal Focus Gem
Greater Gem of Restoration
Gem of Restoration
Minor Health Shield
Minor Chi Shield
Shield Focus Gem
Minor Shield
Super Shield Gem
+1 Luck Gem
+2 Luck Gem
Gem of Endless Spirit
Warrior's Boon
Armor of the Gods
The Eye of the Dragon
The Eye of the Demon
The Bronze Tongue
The Silver Tongue
The Golden Tongue
Emercengy Chi recovery*cod2**cod2*This gem watches over your Chi. If your Chi drops below 50%, the gem recharges it to 100% and destroys itself.*cod2*
This gem restores 50 points of Focus.
Emergency recovery*cod2**cod2*This gem watches over your Health, Chi, and Focus. If any one of them drops below 50%, the gem heals all scores and then destroys itself.*cod2*
Emergency recovery*cod2**cod2*This gem watches over your Health, Chi, and Focus. If any one drops below 75%, the gem heals all scores and then destroys itself.
Absorbs 10 Health damage*cod2**cod2*This gem buffers your Health score, absorbing the next 10 points of damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
Absorbs 10 Chi damage*cod2**cod2*This gem buffers your Chi score, absorbing the next 10 points of Chi damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
This gem shields you from some Focus damage.
This gem buffers your secondary abilities, absorbing the next 10 points of damage to any secondary ability score. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
This gem shields you from a significant amount of secondary ability damage.
This gem absorbs 1 point of damage.
This gem absorbs 2 points of damage.
This gem grants unlimited Chi for 30 seconds.
This gem grants total invulnerability to combat damage for 15 seconds.
This gem grants total invulnerability to combat damage for 30 seconds.
Body +6*cod2*Mind +6*cod2*Spirit +6*cod2*Celestial Aura: 5% chance a shockwave will knock attackers down when you are struck.*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.    *cod2**cod2*The Eye of the Dragon is a gem of heroes and figures of legend. Tales claim that the gem is, indeed, the eye of a great Dragon of Heaven, long since burned from living memory. The gem gives its user the power of the great warriors of the past, but it bestows the same obligations with which they lived: to be a great hero and champion of all people.
Body +6*cod2*Mind +6*cod2*Spirit +6*cod2*Demon Skin: When damaged, the wielder has a 5% chance of draining a small amount of the attacker's Health.*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may equip this gem.    *cod2**cod2*Rumored to be the eye of a great demon lord who fell from his place in the Celestial Bureaucracy, this gem channels its wearer's dark intentions into an immense inner power, fueling the wielder's dark deeds from within.\n
Charm +6*cod2*Intimidation +6*cod2*Intuition +6*cod2**cod2*Many famous and influential members of the Imperial Court have a gem like the Silver Tongue, which lends power to their lies and bargains in their games of power and influence. One must use care with the Silver Tongue, however, because even the most silvered tongue can be plucked from its owner's mouth.
Charm +8*cod2*Intimidation +8*cod2*Intuition +8*cod2**cod2*The treacherous advisor to the great Emperor Sun Jin ordered the Order of the Lotus to construct this gem. The gem gave the advisor nearly unparalleled manipulative power, but in the end the powerful Emperor's own skills of persuasion put his ambitious advisor in his place.
Charm +4*cod2*Intimidation +4*cod2*Intuition +4*cod2**cod2*Often used by magicians and charlatans, this gem gives the wielder persuasive skills that could make a man sell the shirt off his back for a pittance. Speaking with ease in any role, the wielder finds the hearts of others malleable and easily swayed, but particularly skilled individuals can see past its magic.
That's why my men brought you to me. I wanted to finish this personally.
Hello again. I assume you've come back to see some of my excellent goods.
But I....
Don't even try to make this better. You should have won that fight, Zhang, but you suddenly developed that blind spot, didn't you?\n
Cho, honestly, I....
Here is the silver for your work. Additionally, I can show you some items that I have on hand. I mostly specialize in jewels, but I have a few basic items as well.
They're not cheap, but I think you will find they are worth every bit of silver. Nobody has goods quite like those of Chandler Ling.
Suit yourself. If you change your mind, you can find me here later.
I've got some other clients to see today. Are you finished?
Yes, I'd like to see what you have.
I have to be going.
I want to see your goods again.
Your... payment? It was certainly a challenging task, but I can't really offer you anything. I've spent too much already trying to solve this crime.
[Failure] I know exactly what's at stake, and that won't change my mind. Help me or don't, but I need an answer immediately.
[Success] I suppose a friend's freedom is worth something. All right, I can give you some silver, but not a lot.
[Failure] Go if you wish, just remember you're sentencing an innocent man to death.
I have no time for these games. Remember Songtao when you go to sleep at night... his death will also be on your hands.
[Success] All right. Give me the information and I'll give you some silver, but I don't have much left after all the investigations.
It's all a lie! You don't know what you're doing... you're all making a very big mistake!
They're not here of course. Come and find me in the Scholars' Garden and I will be glad to show you what I have. I'll see you there. Goodbye, and thank you again.
Then I'll have to find a liver for you.
I know a doctor who could help you.
It's done. The bones of the children are buried at last. I just... I just wish I could do more.
Her name is Doctor An.
I... I feel better now. I feel warm... I haven't felt warm... in so long. Thank you....
Thank you, living one. We can finally rest, because of you. We can finally be at peace.
It would be easier just to find a liver for you.
I'll bring her back to you.
What do you know of Sagacious Zu?
Actually, I don't feel like helping you right now.
She is a doctor in the Imperial Arena.
I could bring the doctor to help you.
Back
Controller Vibration
Use the controller vibration feature.
Those pirates must be Gao the Greater's men. We know that he has holdings near here, and he has flyers.\n
The pirates are Gao the Greater's men. He has holdings near here and access to quite a lot of flyers, as you've seen!
I have never heard of Gao the Greater, but pirates have terrorized this region for many weeks. Anyone wandering the wilderness knows they risk being caught by those slavers.
I need to speak with Sky.
Tell me about yourself. I want to know about you.
Tell me about your childhood.
Isn't that a dangerous thing for a young girl to do?
What did you do in the city?
Tell me about Silk Fox.
No one notices that you are gone for such lengthy periods?
I'm sure you find being Silk Fox exciting as well.
Tell me about your time at court.
Hello there. Have you come to see the few items I have, or are you just visiting?
Let's at least hear what she has to say. How will we rescue Master Li if we simply charge ahead without thought?
Come, we should get going. There is a great deal left to do, and I don't want to leave it for too long.
(ahem) Your appearance and manner of dress are insufficient to determine gender.
Your work is indecipherable to the masses. You are destined for obscurity.
Your personal groomer has been slacking. Your grace lacks poise.
Your abacus is lacking beads but you take no notice. You have little of worth to catalog.
I don't begrudge the grim determination you have to show, but I am concerned by it. Don't lose who you are. That would be a victory for the people that did this.
Few people know what happened. Dirge is a remote temple located high in the mountains. There were no worshippers, save for the Spirit Monks themselves.
Filthy thieves stole my rags!
Ignore the spots. You won't catch anything from me. Well, nothing dangerous.
I knew you could do it! Congratulations, champion.
Everything I am, I owe to the Emperor.
Actually, let's to go back to my previous options.
I want to fight someone using the style Master Li used against the bandits.
Gao does not have the patience to properly learn what Master Li is trying to teach us.
How fascinating. I was given to understand that the Horselords' lands were mostly plains, but there can be trees among the plains I suppose.
You'd think more visitors would come to see Master Li, but I don't think he likes to draw attention.
I heard some talk about restless dead, but it seems like foolishness to me.
We haven't seen many visitors lately. People are traveling less because of silly ghost stories.
The village is as quiet as ever. Why does Master Li seem so concerned all the time?
I think you would do well at court.
I always knew that Gao child would get himself into trouble.
Your little bit of excitement has taken our minds off the troubling stories about ghosts that are going around.
There's no excuse for Gao's behavior. Not in a little place like Two Rivers.
I must say, champion, that it was an honor to face you in battle. I hope you fare well. I turn my eyes to the east, where new challenges await me by the ocean.
I had a feeling you might get there. Easier that we worked things out the way we did. You've got Iron Soldier's respect.
No, your skills will just waste away with no challenges. I wonder if it'll be me, the Sung brothers, or some other upstart who brings you down.
Master Li says that these are troubled times, but he has sheltered us from any disturbances.
Master Li says to always remember the basics. He is wise to provide our skills such a strong foundation.
The more I hear about that Gao, the less I want him around.
It doesn't sound very interesting.
After Sun Li's defeat, Kang the Mad enjoyed actual public appreciation for his devices. It was brief, however, and as the Empire returned to peace, his machines once more became the greatest identifiable threat to the common good. His flyers grew faster and more durable, the driving force often an angry mob hurling ever larger stones. When last seen, Kang was boarding an alarmingly bare-bones device he had dubbed the Celestial Rocket Chair. While it allowed him to evade his latest pursuers, the launch also left a crater that suggested the escape was more permanent than he might have planned. Despite this, on each anniversary of their victory, *cod7*FullName*cod8* would find a fantastic new machine on *cod7*his/her*cod8* doorstep, seemingly appearing out of nowhere.
You don't seriously think you'll catch me out with that strategy, do you, Vo?
Tell me about your first love.
Are you sure Dawn Star isn't in the school? She's too smart to go wandering off on her own.
No one can find Gao? Why would they be looking?
I hope your missing students didn't leave the village. I hear it's not that safe out there.
I hope Dawn Star is safe. You students should know that it's not safe to go wandering out by the swamps.
There is no one for me.
Yes, ma'am, no argument. Garish flags to stop the turrets. Just no yelling while we fly. The space is small and it echoes loudly.
You are Princess Sun Lian, but that does not mean you are any less deserving of being happy.
I do not want to cause you discomfort. I will withdraw, if you wish.
Not me! I'd rather put up with Soldier than your gloom.
You are Silk Fox, and you take what you want from whomever you want. That is where happiness lies.
We're tired, living one. We've been here for too many years. We just want to sleep, but we can't. Not until the mistakes of the past are undone.
Somehow Master Li has invaded your dreams and summoned the shades of Jing Woo, Lin and Wen. You must face them.
The Emperor covered up his terrible crime, and the people didn't really care. All that mattered was that the drought was over.
How could the Emperor kill a god?
Jing Woo
Bridge
I've been trying to make Han stop talking to me forever! I could almost respect you if you weren't lodged so very close to the bottom of the heap.
*cod7**cod9**cod8*:*cod7**cod10**cod8*:*cod7**cod11**cod8*
Caves
You are weak!
Inn
Gujin the Weapon Master
Here you go. She had some nice things in her grave, too. Eh-heh, since she's gone, I guess she won't be keeping me from them anymore. Eh-heheh.
It's not robbery! We're family. I'm just taking it back... besides, she doesn't need it anymore! And I do!
Ugly people need love, too.
Now, go and find those ghosts I told you about. Eh-heh, can't get a good day's work done with them still around.
Eh-heh, it comes and it goes. No use being a stiff, right? Eh-heheh.
This is a key.
Tournament
Master Li's Letter
*cod15*Description of Master Li's Letter to the smith
I really don't know what you think I'll be able to tell you. I know quite a bit about the bottom of a wine bottle.
I also have substantial experience with the bottom of a wine bowl. And a wine barrel. But that's about it. I'm not real good at this whole *cod6*question and answer*cod6* thing.
The only questions I ever get are things like, *cod6*Can you leave now?*cod6* and, *cod6*Can you not vomit in here?*cod6* Are those the sorts of things you're likely to ask?
I'll meet you at Beggar's Pier.
Khana was strong--too strong to die in an arena match. Especially since she's trained her whole life.
Oh no! Poison! That's terrible! Who would do such a thing?
I'm sure someone will figure it out eventually. Even the Guild can't overlook something like this!
Enough dwelling on this dark topic. She died in battle, and we will remember her as a warrior.
You? You're a monster! How could you...?
I can't believe I called you Master once. No more! I want nothing to do with you.
This place was bad enough without you. We didn't need another cheat, liar, or murderer among our ranks. Go away! I want nothing to do with you.
I've heard rumors that the Serpent will fix fights at the higher levels, too. Watch out for that.
For instance, even with a glass jaw, it's better to be hit there then on the windpipe. Yep, next time that situation comes up, I'll remember to keep my chin low.
Is there something you needed from me? I'm happy to help!
That was so nice of you though. I'm sure you didn't have to lose, but to offer hope in an exhibition match like that, that's so impressive.
It's funny when you think that our champion never really changed, until you came along. And to think, I was one of the first to face you. It was an honor!
Everyone gets excited by the thought of new styles being showcased in the pit. I'm sure you'd be a big hit.
Keep that in mind and you should be fine. If you can make it through the other qualifiers, I'll look forward to facing you myself!
If that's your idea of a jest, or especially if you're serious, I don't want anything more to do with you.
I do remember Raging Ox. He was always full of life, and he had fun in the ring. He was a much better champion than the Ravager.
He's a powerful magician and incredibly deadly in battle. Retired Imperial Champion, in fact.
It was like they recruited him after seeing what he could do here. Maybe there's some arrangement that makes the Lotus Assassins overlook this place.
My father is a smith of great renown, and he always wanted me to follow in his footsteps, but I couldn't.
Er... yes, Princess. At your word.
I have grave concerns about this. Please, talk to me before we leave for the palace. I worry for you if the princess cannot see the danger.
It's a shame about what happened out there. I thought the arena was supposed to keep us all safe.
Talking to you is not worth my time. Go away.
Can I ask you a few questions?
No, none at all.
She was far too weak to face me.
She was poisoned before the match.
I have no idea.
I would. It was quite wonderful to watch her die slowly.
Do you have something to hide, Han? Maybe I *should* turn you in.
You will see. This is trickery from Death's Hand... or someone else.
I'd be more concerned if I were you, Soldier. You're next.
What do you want? *hic* Can't you see we're busy drinking here? Gotta wash away our sorrows.
Let one get away? Now that reminds me of my favorite song. *cod6*I'm a sailor fine... and I like my wine... on the water blue....*cod6* Do you know the rest of the words?
I am a very good merchant! Besides, most of what was taken were simple perishables like grain or fruit. Hardly worth the bother of trying to protect.
The only thing I'm really upset about is a clay figurine. Yesterday, Tong, one of the sailors, took it. There was nothing I could do to stop him.
It's no fun bein' trapped in this town. We don't know nobody, we ain't sheen our families in months, and now we're shtuck here. *hic* That'd drive anyone to drink.
Tradition can be maintained without restraining people. As the Heavenly Lily, you can make certain of it.
Always.
If you remain useful to my cause.
No! I'm not taking a mob into the palace. You will stand in my shadow at all times, or I will not bring you. My father will have the chance to explain himself.
[Charm] I can accept intriguing. I would prefer... stimulating.
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 2
Realizing they had both made mistakes, Younger Tanner Fong has taken his father back into their household once more. They seem to have resolved their differences for the time being, and there should be no more problems from them. Return to Shen and tell him that the situation has been resolved.
Killed Dad
If we're going to do this, I might as well get out of these robes.
Ogre
My name is Shen. I'm the First Gravedigger here. It's my job to look over the Necropolis and make sure all the, eh-heh, peaceful souls are laid to rest.
If you need a little something to give you an extra edge, I'm sure I can part with some trinkets I've... found. I mean, it's not like they'll need them anymore. Eh-heheh.
Tell me about the Necropolis.
Could not create a new campaign.
Find Dawn Star and ask her to call all students to the tournament
See Smith
Deliver the letter from Master Li to the smith
Return to Master Li
Let's talk some more about Black Whirlwind's history here.
Be sure to check your inventory after combat. You can gain important items at the moment of victory.
He has taken our master, killed our friends. What if assaulting the Water Dragon is true, too? He must be stopped.
Unlocked
I do not mean to diminish his sacrifice, but the concerns of the living take precedence. Too much is at stake.
When this is over, I swear that he shall have a grand funeral. Death's Hand will be in the grave next to him. And my father... my father will answer all our questions.
You could also seek out the Inquisitor and gain his recommendation as well, but the path to the Lotus Assassin fortress is ready for you now.
And after we find the evidence against Death's Hand, you will take us to the palace to find Master Li?
I promise, little Dawn Star. After we get what I want from the Lotus Assassins, the palace is the first place we will go.
You have permission, so there won't be any trouble entering. It's only after we have the evidence against Death's Hand that they might notice something is wrong.
I am so glad you and Master Li arrived when you did. My father ran to the school gate to find students to help. Did he make it?
That is a great relief. We tried our best, but without you and Master Li, we would have died. Thank you.
Perhaps we lack the skill of you and your master, but we tried our best. Thank you for your effort, even if your manner is rude.
As you wish. Is there anything else you need?
I'm Chumin the Craftsman. Nobody important, just a simple merchant of fine woodwork items. A merchant who may not be in business much longer, I'm afraid.
I tried my best, but they were too strong. What kind of creature was this sorcerer?
Master Li has trained you well, but did he expect enemies like this?
It would have been much worse if you weren't here. What were they looking for?
I wish we could have saved everyone. Why would that sorcerer attack us like this?
He is safe. There is no more reason to be concerned.
Yushan's Head
Control Room Lever
Cameo Portrait
A key conspicuously placed into your pack by Minister Sheng. A gate that keeps people out of the ruins of the old Tien's Landing stands west of town, and this key should open it.
All that remains of Kindly Yushan. His face now in rigor, it will forever reflect the terror that Yushan felt when he died at your hands.
Control Room Lever Description
A small portrait of a beautiful young woman, carved into a gemstone in layers of contrasting colors. An inscription on the back reads, *cod6*To my beloved husband, Wei. Yours forever.*cod6*
Set Primary Ability scores.
Set character starting style
Set character name
The Arena Tavern
Creature Pens
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Legendary Fist Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Paralyzing Palm Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Hidden Fist Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Spirit Thief Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Heavenly Wave Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Storm Dragon Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Divine Void Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Viper Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Thousand Cuts Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Willow Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Iron Palm Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  White Demon Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for  Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 3
Swamp
The Imperial Arena
Paralyzing Strike
Paralyzing Wave
Paralyzation Duration Increase
The second fountain is restored, and for this, I thank you. But from this point on, Abbot Song cannot travel with you. He must lead his fellows from their cursed existence.
Great Mistress, I have tried to lead them, to free them, but they will not listen to me. They cannot even see me. Let me continue on and redeem myself for this failure.
Enter the Fortress
Find the entrance to the Lotus Assassin fortress in the Necropolis.
Inner Temple
Favorite Style
Favorite Martial Style
Favorite Weapon Style
Favorite Magic Style
Favorite Transformation Style
So Alone.
Prefect Jitong has two men in custody, but he believes that only one is associated with the mysterious slave traders. The Prefect thinks Zi Bao might have something to do with the traders. You can find him in the Heart of the Empire Tavern.
The Slave Traders
Buy Price:
Double Hammers
Those bandits hurt a lot of people. Good thing you didn't get hurt too bad.
It was my foolish pride, thinking that some herb could restore me to health so easily.
There's nothing time can't cure. Perhaps I will be back to form in a few months. My training will slip, but I will do the best I can.
You mean...? You bought a cheap painkiller when I was prepared to pay you back? I may never fight again, and you sold my health for a few silvers?
You are the worst kind of person! I'm surprised you don't get along better with Gao the Lesser, but maybe he's jealous of how terrible you can be!
Leave me and the body your greed shattered. I want nothing to do with you.
I'm happy for you, and couldn't care less about the record. It was just good to fight again and feel no pain.
I'm a bit...tender, right now, but that's to be expected. I should be in much better shape before long.
Everyone's shouting that Dawn Star is missing. She is more responsible than most of us, which makes her running off all the more concerning.
I don't suppose you'd care, though. Other people are just pieces to move about a game board in your eyes.
Your abilities have grown immensely. But it also does my heart good to see that you have remembered the basics of what I taught.
Even the flaws!
I'm sure there is, my student.
There is a great deal we have to discuss.
What if I guarantee your name will live in the heart of each and every citizen in the Jade Empire?  It is a glory beyond mere heroics. You would be eternal.
I do not seek power as my brother did. I will correct the violence inherent in Man. I will make certain there are no more wars, no more droughts.
Everyone will be content in their roles. And they will hold in their hearts the warrior who sacrificed everything so that they might prosper. You could make that happen.
Then there is no reasoning with you. You are as much a monster as I. Let us end this. No great waves of energy, no demons from the walls. Skill versus skill.
If you defeat me, little will change. In time, this Empire will come and go, along with the memory of what you did. I seek eternal stability.
Your name will forever be lauded. In the end, is that not the only immortality worth having?
Forever. Not a man, woman, or child will go a day without acknowledging your sacrifice. Many have struggled for utopia; you will be the heart of it.
You do? You will let down your defenses so that I may guide the Jade Empire to a stable future?
Then let it be done. You give yourself to a far greater glory than you could ever know.
Goodbye, my student. You fulfilled your role just as I had wished.
Tell me, what use are heirs to a god? I will set the Empire on a path of never-ending stability and glory. I am beyond this.
That it was Dawn Star only reinforces this truth. I would have recognized her, had I cared to. What use are heirs to a god?
Ah, so even *you* know when to cast aside those who have moved beyond usefulness. Then you understand why you, too, must fall.
I'm listening.
I will be eternal anyway. The power is mine when you die!
I fall, but my name lives on forever? Why would I agree?
Forever remembered as a hero by all?
Then I agree.
No, you will not win. Let's end this. Master versus student.
For the Jade Empire and the name of *cod7*FullName*cod8*, I agree.
She deserves better. I can't allow this.
That is fortunate. I had to dispose of her.
Will you not give one last thought to Dawn Star, your daughter?
Now that's a big one! Finally, a worthy fight!
No, this is something I couldn't tell you about. Please, give me a chance to explain. You'll like what I have to say. I hope.
Gao should be ashamed at such childish displays.
You leave this young one alone, you mangy old fox. She looks fit to break you in half. Might do us all a favor.
I'm old, I'm not deaf!
Yeah, anyway, he seems to be working out all right. Still goes on about getting his home back, though.
Heh, but he's pretty old as it is, and I figure, since he's already got his plot made... eh-heheh.
Anything else you wanted?
Find Your New Master
Present yourself to Master Gang. Try to gain access to the inner chambers and find the information Princess Lian requires.
You now bear the title of Lotus Acolyte and must present yourself to Master Gang. Gaining access to the inner chambers will be a challenge with such a lowly rank, but the princess will not take you to the palace until you have the information she needs. Zu is in the fortress, as well. What he wants is unclear.
You have met First Gravedigger Shen. The restless ghosts in the Necropolis refuse to stay put in their graves. Shen will pay you if you put some of the problem ghosts back in their graves... one way or another.
The First Gravedigger
You have discovered Wen Zhi, a mad scientist trying to use revitalized organs to heal his dying daughter. He needs you to find a liver for him to replace hers.
The Scientist
Gambler
Gambler Daoshen
Focus Abilities
This screen allows you to spend Style Points to learn new techniques, map styles to your hot keys for rapid access during combat, and see all the styles you've learned.
In fact, I think your presence here is a sure sign that things are looking up. Soon all our problems will be solved.... It's just like I kept saying.
You. What do you want? Unless you're here to get rid of that stupid old man, I don't have time for you now!
Yes... yes I am! Are you here from Shen? Did he send you about my father?
My father... who is supposed to be dead!
Current Focus
You are far too generous with your mercy.
I'm a ghost, but I'm a little girl, too! I'm trapped here. I can't leave, and I can't die. It's cold in here, and wet.... and I'm scared. I don't like it here.
Please help me. I've been trapped here for so long. The outside is so close... I can see it! But this puddle is blocking my way.
I don't see any way around it. If I could just get outside I'd finally be free... but I can't walk through the puddle. I can't!
But I have tried! I tried to cross the puddle so many times, but I just can't!
Don't you know how I died? I drowned when the flood came. It was cold, and dark and... and now I can't touch the water. I just can't! Please help me. Please.
I think I know how you can help me. Look at the ceiling. It looks like there was a cave in long ago, and somebody put these poles here to hold the ceiling up.
All you have to do is break these poles, and the ceiling will collapse. A whole bunch of rocks will fall into the water, and I can skip across them and leave this place!
Anyone else?
With the dam closed and the economy picking up, I had hoped my customers would pay off their debts to me. But I'm having trouble collecting from them.
I'll be back once I find you a husband!
Thank you! Thank you so much! I just know you can help me. Please hurry!
I could help you out... if you pay me.
Go away! If you're not going to help me, just leave me alone!
Please... you said you'd help me. You promised. Please hurry. It's dark in this cave, and cold and... and wet. Please, I just want to get out of here.
I couldn't care less about this. Really.
Are you really that dense? You want to challenge the one person strong enough to close the dam? You'd be a fool!
I'd love to answer your questions, but that would interrupt my drinking. I'm afraid that isn't acceptable.
Who are you? Another ghost?
Displays no combat damage information.
What was I supposed to do, again?
Listen, I will tell you how you came into my care.
Displays damage information for close combat.
Don't worry. I'll get you out of there.
Can you tell me anything about the lion statue in the other room?
I don't have time to help ghosts.
It's only a few inches deep. Just walk across.
Why are you so scared of the puddle?
If you won't even try to save yourself, I won't help you.
I'll find a way to get you out of there.
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 7 Choice 3
Displays all combat damage information.
I'm not interested in helping you, ghost!
In a way, I hope you *don't* find her for her own good.
Okay, I'll do it.
He was a dedicated young man, despite his inexperience. I do not understand why Master Li tolerated Gao even as long as he did. You must find Gao. This cannot go unanswered.
Wait! Stop! I'm not your enemy! I swear by my ancestors, I am not your enemy. I'm not even a soldier!
My name is Chen Yi, from the village of One Stone. I'm no fighter. I'm just a simple peasant.
Ah! I may be easy prey for one of your might, but I will die with honor!
Even though I wear this uniform, I am no soldier. My name is Chen Yi. I'm just a simple peasant from the town of One Stone.
Wait! Please, listen! My name is Chen Yi, a simple peasant from the village of One Stone. Surely you can tell by the way I stand that I've had no training!
These soldiers passed through my village a few weeks ago. One of them angered the Lotus Assassin who was in charge, and the Assassin killed him!
As I was coming back in from the fields, they grabbed me to fill his place. They put this uniform on me--blood stains and all--and told me I was in the army!\n
If you are frightened, we are probably not meant to be.
You cling to traditions that should be left behind. Clearly you want more. I can provide that.
I admire your respect for tradition, even as it holds you back from what you want.
To show you what can be yours if you have the courage to do what is necessary.
It is merely a game. You toy with me; I toy with you.
Because we must help others see how to help themselves. That is our role.
Do you really want to? Does Silk Fox have the courage to do what would be necessary?
I do not mean to alarm you. I respect tradition as much as you do.
[Charm] You know in your heart what you deserve. Perhaps it is time others were forced to respect that.
Thank you, noble one! You are most merciful, and I honor you. My whole family honors you.
Now you sound like Silk Fox. Now you have my attention.
Of course, great one! I will return to my village, and lead an upright life of farming and praying. Thank you for sparing me. Thank you!
I can accept intriguing. I would prefer... stimulating.
Perhaps it is not meant to be. What do you say to that, Silk Fox?
Go. Leave here, and never return.
You're of no more use to me. Time to die.
You wear the uniform of the Imperial Army.
Answer my questions if you want to live.
Lying cur! You die now!
When we take control? That's different than just exposing Death's Hand.
[Intuition] If you don't demand what you want, despite the consequences, you cannot claim it is worthwhile.
[Intimidation] Perhaps they are the same. Stop defending tradition. Demand what you want or accept your role.
Well, there is one person. A noble.
I have decided to let you live.
I find Sky to be quite compelling.
You have found a possible place to acquire a new flyer and a wind map.
Dawn Star is of great interest to me.
When you say the world may join you in being haunted, what do you mean?
To find Master Li and Death's Hand, you must make your way to the Pirate Lair. Only Ru the Boatswain can take you there. You found Ru and convinced him to take you there. He will wait for you by his small pier in Tien's Landing.
I'm here on a personal matter. A man in this place took something very valuable from me, and I intend to repay him the favor.
It sounds almost like you're familiar with him.
If I had more time, I'd want to know what brought you here. I expect it's quite the tale.
Yes, I hunt Gao the Greater, though I will not say why. It is a personal matter.
I will not say. Not until Gao the Greater has paid in full.
I won't be stopped now that I'm this close, and luckily you're here. That will make it easier to reach the upper levels where he hides himself away.
As I said, Gao the Greater took something valuable from me, and he deserves to have that favor repaid.
You are off to the palace with Silk Fox to confront her father, Emperor Sun Hai.
A good question. It's always wise to be on your guard in places like this. Rest assured, I have no intention of harming you.
You're here for your reasons and I'm here for mine. Somehow, I doubt they conflict. Besides, we'll need each other's help to get through that door.
Ah, Miss Chan. A tragedy, really, and one that happens all too often. It's always the pretty ones who go.
Captain Ing offered a reward to whoever could close the Great Dam, allowing his ship to leave the Beggar's Pier. You destroyed the Great Dam, trapping Captain Ing and his men in Tien's Landing.
Stranger, forgive me for being so forward, but if you are wise you will turn around and leave this cursed and miserable town.
On Beggar's Pier in Tien's Landing, Captain Ing offered a reward to whomever could close the Great Dam. You closed the Great Dam and collected your reward from a grateful Captain Ing.
Mother and I are getting out of this town. If you have any sense, you'll do the same.
Hush, daughter! You must treat strangers with respect. Once we are outside of town, we must be very careful with everyone we meet.
There are several customers who owe me money, but with the dam open, times are hard. I can't expect them to pay me when they can't even feed their families.
And if they don't pay me, I can't afford the raw materials to make my woodwork. It's a difficult situation, but I'm trying to make the best of it.
No, no. That won't be necessary. I don't want to cause any trouble for my customers. I'm sure they'll pay me eventually. At least, I hope so.
The Forest Shadow is destroyed, and her influence over the forest has been removed. Without it, the forest will never recover from its twisted corruption.
The Forest Shadow has agreed to temporarily remove her influence over the forest in the hopes that this will lure whatever corruption dwells within the inn into revealing itself.
Investigating the temple proved to be fruitless, as a black wall blocks your path into its inner chambers. Perhaps the missing hunter knows something more, if he's even still alive.
You have found hunter Shau, and he's clinging to a gem which precipitated the attack at the temple. If you could get a hold of it, perhaps you can lure the creature that attacked you out of hiding.
The demon that attacked you has fled into the temple and disappeared after recovering from your assault. Clearly this will take more drastic measures to resolve.
The inn's patrons and staff barely seem human any more, and there is no sign of Lord Yun or his retinue.\n
The inn's patrons and staff barely seem human any more, and there is no sign of Lord Yun or his retinue.
Henpecked Hou has told you about a large series of caves beneath this inn. With the front doors sealed, it seems there's only one possible route for escape.
The cannibal master was not what he seemed. A loutish warrior being kept to act as consort for something called *cod6*The Mother,*cod6* he has joined you and opened a path to another cave deeper in the warren.
You have cleansed the temple, and Chai Ka has opened a gate for your passage to the realm of the creature that attacked you. According to your follower, though, she is no demon, but actually a spirit of this forest.
You have defeated the demon known as the Cannibal Mother and eliminated her taint on the both the forest and the Pilgrim's Rest Inn. With the spirit's help, the Great Southern Forest will quickly recover from its corruption.
You have defeated the demon known as the Cannibal Mother and wiped out the Cannibals infesting the Inn. Her influence will be felt for generations, though. With the Forest Shadow dead, this forest will always remain a dark and twisted place.
It seems this forest is trapping all who enter its borders. A hunter has asked for your help in escaping, and suggested that you talk to Lord Yun, the noble responsible for the Great Southern Forest, at the Pilgrim's Rest Inn.
You have found and spoken to Lord Yun. He is willing to help you reach the Imperial City, but will be unable to aid you until you find a way to open the forest again.
You have discovered that the true source of the forest's corruption lies in the Pilgrim's Rest Inn. If it can be dealt with, a path to the Imperial City may yet open up.
You have returned to the inn only to be attacked by a group of sub-human creatures. There is no sign of Lord Yun or his proposed aid to reach the Imperial City, but there are strange noises coming from below the inn.
You have escaped from the caves and defeated the *cod6*mother*cod6* of the cannibals. The forest should open, but you still lack a wind map, and it would be an awfully long walk to the Imperial City.
Using the Lotus Assassin's wind maps, you have escaped the Great Southern Forest.
You might be right. I'm a fine craftsman, but I'm not much for business. I extend credit too easily, and then I can't bring myself to collect. It's just not in my nature.
A noble offer, but I must refuse. Prospects for my shop are poor right now. I can't allow you to risk losing your investment. No, things will have to work out on their own.
No, no. I'm nobody. You don't want to talk to me. You should speak to Minister Sheng. He's much more important than a simple merchant about to go out of business.
Farewell.
Welcome back to Chumin's Woodcrafts. I still don't have any wares to show you, I'm afraid. I'm still short on inventory.
It's a shame my business is struggling so much. I really am a fine craftsman but I could use someone to help organize things and help me out with some of my jobs.
The ghosts of two children at the orphanage in the center of the ruins want to go to their rest. Yushan, the orphan master who abandoned them, has been convinced to return to the orphanage and wait for you there.
The ghosts of two children at the orphanage in the center of the ruins want to go to their rest. Kindly Yushan, the orphan master who abandoned the orphans, is dead. Take his head to Miao at the orphanage in the ruins.
The ghosts of the two orphan children have been avenged and have gone to their rest. Miao was delighted with the gift of Yushan's head.\n
You forced Yushan to return to the orphanage but decided that Miao deserved the chance to have her revenge. Yushan is dead, and the orphan ghosts have gone to their rest, avenged.
You forced Kindly Yushan to bury the bones of his charges, the orphans he abandoned years ago. The orphan ghosts are at rest, and Yushan stumbled away into the ruins.\n
*cod4* XP
*cod4* silver
I don't have time for this. Forget I even asked.
Gao gets very angry when Master Li disciplines him in front of the other students.
Why did Master Li even allow Gao's men in the challenge? It doesn't seem right.
No, your personal feelings are of no interest.
Gao was a fool to challenge you. You have always been better than him.
Where did Gao learn that style? Surely Master Li didn't teach it to him.
Please find Dawn Star. She doesn't normally disappear like this.
Gao and Dawn Star both seem to be missing. Well, Dawn Star is missed; Gao is simply gone.
Dawn Star wouldn't leave so abruptly, not after hearing the stories of ghosts and bandits the villagers tell.
Dawn Star is probably here somewhere. She wouldn't leave the village. She knows it's not safe.
Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to charge up a Chi Strike.
Only the bold actions of the Emperor saved the Empire from drought.
boy
girl
Brother
Sister
brother
sister
He
She
You have heard that the Imperial Arena plays host to the greatest fighters in the Empire, and that the contests offer great rewards to their victors.
Fire Dragon
I should leave you to it.
Blue Lion Figurine
Lacquered a bright red, this stone figurine is a replica of the lion statue found in Master Li's house.
Coated in a yellow lacquer, this lion figurine is a replica of the large statue in Master Li's house.
Carved from simple rock and coated in a blue lacquer, this figurine is a miniature replica of the lion statue in Master Li's house.
Given to you by Minister Sheng of Tien's landing, this key unlocks the gate west of the town that leads to the ruins of the flooded town.
I think I saw a ghost once, but it could have been a trick of the moonlight.
I enjoy seeing you students taking some time for yourselves. Except for that Gao child. You can keep him and his father.
You students are always so polite. Especially that Dawn Star. Nice girl. Beautiful garden.
Some of the villagers are talking about ghosts and bandits, but I just let the river wash all that worry away.
The only flyers around Tien's Landing are owned by pirates. They keep them on that island they use for a base up river.
Well, I hear you're almost done with your training. I suppose you'll be leaving us soon.
That Gao does not respond well to discipline. Not sure why Master Li bothers being so hard on him.
I heard about that Gao child. A shameful way to behave. Very like his father.
Ru used to come by here every day for his daily bowl of wine, until his funds began to run low. Last I saw him, he was at the teahouse. You could try looking for him there.
Gao's cheating against you won't affect his reputation around town. Nobody liked him before.
He hasn't come by to purchase his daily bowl of wine. His silver must be running low. You'll probably find him down at the docks.
I'm not interested.
With all those stories of ghosts and bandits, most people have the sense to stay inside the village. We're safe here.
I haven't seen Dawn Star or Gao around for a while now. I'm only sad about half of that.
I hope Dawn Star didn't go wandering outside of the village. That's not a wise walk to take.
There aren't many places in the village where someone can disappear. If Gao or Dawn Star were around, I'd have seen them.
Is there somewhere around here I could get a flyer?
The Celestial Dragon formed the world from chaos.
Sagacious Tien was the founder of the Jade Empire.
Empires long united must divide. Thus has it always been.
Remember to save often.
When the night grows long, people whisper that the dead do not sleep.
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 1
Talk to the spirits in haunted places. They can offer insights into puzzles you may face.
Your teacher talks a whole lot. I bet it takes all day to listen to him. \n
Gao is mean, and I hear his papa is mean, too.
Dawn Star is pretty. I want to be pretty like her.
There aren't really ghosts coming to get us, are there? I think it's just stories.
I heard you had a big fight and won. I guess that's good, but I don't want to fight at all.
I know lots of ghost stories, but I like hearing about your fights more.
I heard people say Gao doesn't fight fair. Why do you let him stay with you if he's like that?
You should get ghosts in your school so you can beat them and everyone can stop being afraid.
Ghosts didn't take Dawn Star, did they? She talks about stuff like that a lot.
I like Gao better when he is not here. He yells too much.
I bet Dawn Star chased Gao away. I bet he ran like a scared goat.
Dawn Star is nice. You should make sure she is safe.
Quest Received
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 2
Wherever she is, I hope that she's safe.
I have let no one past! Not with all their parts, at least. You go, I'm having too much fun here.
I won't stop until they are ankle deep in blood! Head first!
Easy, easy! I know this looks bad, but trust me, you'll like what I have to say... I hope.
Tracking the Forest Shadow
The Necropolis
Error loading the saved game.
Pit of Pain! (TM)
Kai Lan the Serpent
Are they gone yet? Please help us. We are not fighters.
Han doesn't know anything that can help you. We always kept him out of the nasty stuff.
Guard Yung
That is your decision. I suppose it doesn't hurt to make certain they trust you, but you should not take too long. Sagacious Zu's actions are troubling.
The Executioner in the arena will want you to demonstrate your ability as a combatant. Finish with him and hurry back.
A temple dedicated to the Forest Shadow stands down the hill to the east of the inn. The Keeper thinks it is the best place to start your search.
Master Li's Quarters
My thoughts are with you, and our fellows. It surprises me... the number of people I worry for tonight.
And neither did I.
What else would you know?
Wild Flower's an anchor for the Guardian. Does he have a dark counterpart too?
How did you become involved?
How did the Mother first try to corrupt the forest?
I have hesitated to talk to you. I wanted to be sure of what I would say... to be sure that you are still the person I cared so much about.\n
Do you still feel the same way for your Silk Fox?
Slap me, then kiss me.
Power-up Monster
How did you eventually trap her?
Ministry Hostel
Test Style - do not use
This will be your last breath.
No one gets away from me!
Fight fast. Fight dirty.
You won't be able to beat me!
This is your final fight.
I can't be beaten like that.
That... that was a dirty trick.
Now you're feeling pain!
I don't really remember what happened next. I might have passed out. No one's ever threatened me before!
Women! That's the one I forgot? I must be getting sober if I'm forgetting that one.
He fought like a monster... for a little guy.
Better than I've been in a while. All this *cod6*best behavior when you're in the city*cod6* business was wearing on my nerves.
Good point, but he was particularly plucky. It's nice when they stick around longer so you can practice your moves.
Not the first time I've gone up against one of Kai Lan's thugs, you know. Not at all.
That's unfair! These axes don't sharpen themselves, you know.
Remember I told you I used to fight in the arena? Well, I was the best there was, then my brother came to the city and decided he'd join the arena too.
The arena was about the same as it is now. Qui and Kai Lan were there, and Lucky Cho, too, but he was just a runt back then.
I did some harsh things while with the Lotus Assassins, but they no longer follow a path I recognize. They are a mirror of Death's Hand, and he embodies corruption.
You will see, as you get close to him. He draws out the worst in everyone and displays it for all to see.
Ignorance does not make truth go away, it only hides it. Perhaps we will talk again when I see more of where your path will lead you.
You have no concept of the devotion of his followers. Perhaps we will talk again when I see more of where your path will lead you.
The Princess has offered an exchange for passage to the palace. I do not agree with what she is asking, but it may be your only option.
You say that as if I wander the street randomly murdering. No, most trigger the end of their lives through their own action. My participation is mere formality.
They are as powerful as fear allows them to be. Not the specific information you are looking for, I'm sure, but you did ask about my *feelings.*
If their tactics have not changed, everyone fears them as children fear the shadows, never knowing what might come.
They are not outlaws! Their orders come from Death's Hand, and he is the will of the Emperor!
At least, that is how it was meant to be. Pardon my outburst. Every act of the Assassins has the approval of the Emperor. We were supposed to reflect his glory.
That is why some actions... should never have been ordered.
The Lotus Assassins were once the Order of the Lotus under Prince Kin, spiritual advisor to the Emperor. During and after the attack on Dirge... changes were made.
As flames seared the sky, enemies of the Emperor faced a new threat... Death's Hand. He assumed command of our order, and we began silencing people.
Some were killed only to serve as warnings. Others... others had done nothing except be near his enemies.
I am no stranger to death. That alone is not enough to disturb me. But I see only weakness in targeting innocents... peripheral to the real enemy.
Weakness suggests losing the right to rule. Can you see how that shook my faith in the Empire? You seem to see why I had concerns... perhaps you might understand.
I have not said everything, and I have not yet decided if I will, but I see something in you that may set things right. We will see. For now, what else do you need?
I see. Your interpretation of *cod6*the Way,*cod6* or *cod6*the low road,*cod6* or whatever you choose to call it, allows the killing of those that have not earned their fate?
Strength is a tool meant to be used, but to murder the families of opponents you cannot reach, people once close to you... I see no strength in that.
I don't think you would make good use of what I know. I will continue to assist you, but my secrets will remain my own. I have nothing else to say.
If that is all the thought you intend to put forward, I will reveal nothing more of what I know, aside from what will assist in the short term.
You would not make honorable use of anything I might say. Now, if you are done dismissing me, we should continue to the Imperial City.
You don't strike me as the kind who would make honorable use of what I would say, anyway.
It is a foolish idea. You do not understand the seductive nature of the Assassins and what they do to recruits.\n
It does not take much to make a person forget who they are. With a little effort, they can be pushed past any morals they might have claimed.
Cloaked in service and honor, even the most depraved of barbarity soon becomes unremarkable.
A naive assumption. Perhaps you can avoid direct participation, but their fanaticism will still affect you. The rot that is Death's Hand permeates the complex.
Perhaps you think so, but the enemy is fanatical. The rot begins high up, and it is embodied in the shell that is Death's Hand.
He was made our leader during the razing of Dirge. He replaced Sun Kin, who, along with the Glorious Strategist, never returned from that campaign.
I did not serve Death's Hand long, but when the orders came, he never questioned. The connection is more direct than loyalty... and he instills that in his Lotus Assassins.
That is how so many were driven to kill without cause, and why I decided no more.
There was more to that event--you are right to sense it--but I have kept my silence for so long that I must carefully consider the repercussions of breaking it.
I don't seek justification. There is more to that event than I have said, but I have kept silent for so long that  I must carefully consider the repercussions of speaking.
I must inevitably deal with my demons. Your destiny demands it. But I must also know that those demons will be put to rest, not exploited.
For many years, I did nothing. If I had known Master Li was the Glorious Strategist, so much could have been resolved, one way or another.
In the end, I will have to trust that you are enough his student to find a way to protect what I cannot.
So you claim. I am not accustomed to words having such weight. We should... we should resume your mission. You have far to go.
I suppose you are. I am with you, and we will see what comes. Let's get back to your mission. We have far to go.
I see nothing in what they do that would scare off a killer like you.
I have no further interest in your riddles, Zu.
They sound more like outlaws than an arm of the Emperor.
You look so peaceful, even though I know that what you've been through must have been terrible.
Yes, it is, isn't it?
But tomorrow that will be gone... shattered. The time we have now may never come again.
The time we have left is small. I wonder sometimes... I wonder what I would do if I knew that I would lose you tomorrow.
And then I remember that I have already lost you once, and I could never suffer that pain again.
I... I suppose I would have little choice. I just wanted to say that... to tell you....
I knew you would say that. I yearned for it.
I worry so much about what tomorrow may bring, and... and....
What they love... what they must not lose.
Whatever tomorrow may bring, we will always have tonight.
Yes, we do... all of us.
I... was approached... once or twice. The Lotus Assassins offered much, even the chance of returning my daughter. But, I assure you, I did not plan to betray you.
Yes, it will.
And when it does, everything here... this time we have together will be gone. Shattered....
It is peaceful here.
I will not think like that. Not with you here.
I made you stronger. You would hunt me down, along with our enemies.
Don't let such thoughts scare you. In time you would get over it.
Anywhere I go, Dawn Star, you'll be by my side.
It is all right to be scared. Only fools risk what they love with no concern.
I will never let anything happen to us.
That is a possibility. We do what we must.
Tomorrow a great battle will come.
You showed me that the world... my life... is not as pointless as I once thought. My daughter is long dead. Their offer only shows how desperate you have made them.
Bones
An imperial signet ring given as a token of office to the Chief Minister of Harmony, Judge Fang. It is Fang's official seal of office, procured for you by Gentle Breezes.
he
she
Him
Her
him
her
His
his
Hers
hers
Lad
Lass
lad
lass
Lord
Lady
lord
lady
Male
To the swamp
The gate must remain closed for now. I've had reports of travelers being attacked by bandits based out of the swamps.
Ughh... my head feels like a war drum, and the battle did not go in the Empire's favor.
Intolerable. One more mistake, Qui, and I'll have you retired. Finding someone else is your problem.
But....
Enough. Find a solution, and leave me alone.
I hear you're looking for a wife.
No! It should be safe... and I have to get out of here. I have to leave. Please trust me, I wouldn't ask if I thought you'd get hurt!
Do you know Ai Ling?
[Charm] She's really quite pleasant.
[Intuition] She could help you in your business.
I hate you! You're mean and... and smelly!
What was your problem, again?
I've decided to help you.
Enjoy being trapped in here forever.
Never mind. Forget I mentioned it.
A cave-in could kill me!
Alive and useless, like the rest of you.
Maybe I could help you collect.
The search goes too slowly. We need more eyes and hands in these ruins.
Listen well, my minions. Fan out and search behind every stone and under every rock. Somewhere in these ruins are gems. Very special gems.
If you find one, bring it to me right away. If you fail me, your torment will be greater than any you have yet experienced. Now go!
I eat your toes when you dead! Hah!
My brain bigger than you's! I win!
Rat better! Demon better! Rat demon best!
I even hear that they only consider those participating in the Gold Division, but that is a ridiculous rumor, and I'll not associate myself with such things.
You miss my point, young warrior: I tell you only those things I do NOT know to be true.
No, it isn't. You didn't ask me anything, and I certainly do not recall giving any answers.
Mark me: You must be very careful dealing with their order. Very careful, indeed.
You seem to know a lot of these rumors.
That's exactly what I wanted to know.
Fourth Brother Yu
Insane Emperor Ghost
Mad Wen Zhi
Female
Ji Xin
If you are expecting payment, meet me in the Golden Way. I will arrange your payment then, and give you a special discount on my goods.
All right then, give me some time. I have some things to take care of in my shop later, but I will be here for a while yet.
Gravedigger Shen
This is not an approbate time to....
Wait a moment. You... you have the look of a fighter about you! Those hands, that stance... even your eyes. I'd know that look anywhere!
You must be here to join the most glorious contest in the Empire! Isn't it fortunate that Lucky Cho and I were just discussing how this place needs an emfusion of new blood!
It's no use.
By all that's decent!
Die, intruders!
For my people!
Foul miscreants!\n
Come with me a moment and we'll engagitate in some discertation about the best decision you'll ever make!
I'll make you pay.
Expel the filth!
I'm getting better.
A blood plague!
Creature style
Elder Tanner Fong
Yes? Is there something you want?
Wait, stop! You not hit me none! Okay? Okay! Rat demon is friend! Rat demon help you! Yes?
Rat demon knows things, important things and rat demon tells you... if rat demon lives!
Thanks to you! My friend, good and kind and niceful friend to rat demon!
You lie to rat demon! Shocked! Shocked! Rat demon helps you, and you still want to kill! You no better than Lotus Assassins!
I knows hitting rat demon not good! Hitting rat demon bad! I also knows that rat demons like the taste of ducks... if you gots any ducks....
No, wait! Rat demon try to be good, better, best rat demon. I gots lots of important things in my head!
You not like ducks? No ducks! But maybe you like gems? Rat demon feels gem is very close. Rat demon tells you where gem is, then you let rat demon live, yes?
Gem is special, gem is magic, gem is near! But gem is hidden. You let rat demon live, I tell you where to find gem!
Ah! You so dumb you not know good thing when sees one!
Why should I trust a demon?
Tell me what you know.
I don't have any ducks.
Tell me something useful!
That's it, I'm going to kill you.
Tell me where this gem is.
How can you sense this gem?
I don't trust you. Die!
I don't need you. Die!
Younger Tanner Fong
Choose to Fight as the Black Whirlwind
Even after the Ravager's defeat, Kai Lan The Serpent has challenged your claim to the Imperial championship. You have allowed the Black Whirlwind to answer this challenge, in the hopes that it will help him find solace in his brother's death.
Choose to Fight Serpent yourself.
Even after the Ravager's defeat, Kai Lan The Serpent has challenged your claim to the Imperial championship. You have elected to deal with his challenge yourself.
Win Your First Qualifying Match
Your first fight of the qualifying round awaits. When ready, you should speak with Qui to begin.
You defeated the ogre and have made your first mark on the grand tournament of the Jade Empire. Many more opponents await you.
Win Your Second Qualifying Match
Your second fight of the qualifying round awaits. When ready, you should speak with Qui to begin.
Four brash young students proved no match for your skills, leaving you prepared to face more challenging opponents in the Imperial Arena.
Win Your Third Qualifying Match
Your third fight of the qualifying round awaits. When ready, you should speak with Qui to begin.
You shattered the statue with your powerful strikes, impressing Qui enough to give you a shot at leaving the qualifying rounds of the Imperial Arena.
Win Your Final Qualifying Match
Your final fight of the qualifying round awaits. When ready, you should speak with Qui to begin.
Han defeated, you have broken into the professional ranks of fighters in the Imperial City. The rewards, and the challenges, will increase as you enter the full divisions.
Win the First Bronze Match
Your first professional arena match awaits. When ready, you should speak with Qui to begin.
The arena regulars are starting to know your name, and your victory in the first match of the Bronze Division offered the satisfaction of defeating another group of the twisted beasts from the Great Southern Forest.
Win the Second Bronze Match
The second event of the Bronze Division lies ahead. Speak with Qui when you are ready to start.
Surviving the so-called Pit of Pain seems to have drawn attention to your career. According to Lucky Cho, someone named the Serpent has taken an avid interest in your performance in the next match.\n
Win the Third Bronze Match
The third event of the Bronze Division lies ahead. Speak with Qui when you are ready to start.
Popularity has its price, and you faced a demon in a surprise match, much to the crowd's delight. Your victory has earned you the right to challenge the current Bronze champion for the division title.
Win the Bronze Championship
Speak to Qui the Promoter when you are ready to try for the Bronze Division championship.
With Khana's defeat, a new Bronze Division champion has been found. The Silver Division awaits, with harder challenges and even larger rewards.
Win the First Silver Match
Speak with Qui the Promoter in the arena's front hall when you are ready for your first match in the Silver Division.
A second demon has fallen to your blows, impressing the crowd with your debut fight in the Silver Division of the Imperial Arena.
An Audience with the Serpent
Kai Lan the Serpent has asked that you speak with him privately in his office in the rear section of the arena's second floor.
Lucky Cho attacked you, forcing you to kill the Serpent's enforcer. Technically this won't interfere with your progress in the arena, but Kai Lan will doubtlessly blame you for his man's death.
Win the Second Silver Match
No one has told you differently, so Qui should be awaiting your approval to start your next match in the Silver Division.
The Guild assassins sent to eliminate you in your latest match have been defeated, and Qui reports that the Guild considers the matter of Lucky Cho settled. Apparently, the arena carries on regardless of the politics behind it.
Win the Third Silver Match
When you are ready to face the third match in the Silver Division, speak to Qui in the front hall of the arena.
You have proven your superiority over the golems sent by the Imperial Army. This leaves you in a perfect place to contest Soldier's hold on the Silver Division championship.
Win the Silver Championship
Qui waits in the arena's entry hall for your approval to begin your championship match against Soldier.
Soldier has been overthrown from his long-held position as the Silver champion, a title you now enjoy. The Gold Division awaits, if you are willing to brave the Empire's finest warriors.
Win the First Gold Match
When ready to face your first match of the Gold Division, simply speak to Qui in the arena's entry hallway.
The Phoenix Unity style proved no match for your skills, much to the audience's delight.
Win the Second Gold Match
When ready to face your second match of the Gold Division, simply speak to Qui in the arena's entry hallway.
With the Sung brothers defeated, very little stands between you and the Ravager's championship title.
Win the Third Gold Division match
Your third event of the Gold Division awaits. Speak with Qui in the arena's front hallway to begin.
You have emerged victorious from the Imperial Engagement. Next, you must face the Ravager in single combat for the title of Imperial Champion.
Win the Championship
When you are ready to face the Ravager, speak with Qui in the front hall of the Imperial Arena.
Answer the Serpent's Challenge
The Black Whirlwind is ready to face Kai Lan. Speak to Qui to begin his counter-challenge.
You are the undisputed Imperial Champion. Your defeat of the Ravager and the Black Whirlwind's successful counter-challenge against Kai Lan has fixed you as a legend in the Imperial Arena for all time.
Until Kai Lan's challenge is answered, your status as Imperial Champion remains disputed. Speak with Qui when you are ready to deal with the Serpent.
You are the undisputed Imperial Champion. Your defeat of the Ravager and Kai Lan has fixed you as a legend in the Imperial Arena for all time.
It came from nowhere. He was dragging a sack, and I asked him if he needed help.
He said, *cod6*No, just the key to the gate,*cod6* and then he conjured this ball of flame around his hand.\n
There's only one place he could have gone if he left the village. The path leads past the fields to the swamps.
What did he do? Why would he resort to attacking me just to leave the village?
What? That arrogant whelp! I trust you are following him to put him in his place.
Go on. Why waste time talking to me? Get moving!
You're on his trail, are you? All right. Get moving. He has a head start, but there's only one path.
I don't know why he did what he did, but I hope you put him in his place. Good luck.
I didn't see her. He was dragging a large sack and I asked if he needed help.\n
Follow after Gao quickly. He must be headed to the swamps. That's the only place he can hide.
I am certain you don't. I've seen your skill, but the swamps are not the training square.
I don't want to endanger one of Master Li's foremost students. He would not appreciate it.
Certainly you can, but sending half-trained fighters out to find trouble would bring more attention than Master Li wants.
I am merely following his instructions. I don't want to anger him.
Of course! Everyone's heard about these bandits approaching by the river.
Well, they'd better not try to come through this gate. It's sturdy enough to keep them out, I'm hoping!
Perhaps one of the villagers can accommodate you. I would rather focus on my job.
Two Rivers may be remote and calm, but I still take the task of protecting it seriously.
Master Li leads this town as he does your school. It is not my place to question how he governs his students.
I do not anger old tigers. They have the longest teeth and most jagged claws.
As I have said, how Master Li chooses to govern his students is up to him. I respect his request.
Farewell. I wish you luck in finding Dawn Star... and Gao.
Not on the roads, though I hear tell the bandits that are approaching have already hurt one of the students. That's dark news that is.
However, Master Li does not want the school getting the kind of attention such confrontations would bring.
No, it's just a few raids on traveling merchants. Outlaws rarely attempt anything bolder for fear of gaining the attention of the Imperial Army.
But even if the danger is low, I would prefer that people not wander near the swamps without purpose. Especially students of Master Li.
Greetings again. I am sorry, but I am still not allowing anyone to wander the fields without cause.
What happened? I was speaking with... with....
I don't need protection from simple bandits.
Never mind. Just let me pass.
Did he have Dawn Star with him?
Why coddle us students? We can take care of ourselves.
Is there anything of interest happening in the village?
Can I ask you about the Empire?
Master Li told you not to allow students to leave?
Has anyone ever been attacked or injured?
Can I help deal with these attacks?
Some guard you are. Can't protect yourself.
Where could he have gone?
Did you at least see where he went?
He has kidnapped Dawn Star.
A crimson red flies over my entourage.
The blue of the sky matches the color of my banner.
White banners fly.
I travel under a yellow mark.
Ghost of Miss Chan
Ghost of Merchant Bai
Controller Layout
Invert horizontal camera control
Ghost of Si Tsu
Invert vertical camera control
Reverse the direction of the left/right camera controls.
Ghost of Si Ran
Reverse the direction of the up/down camera controls.
Show controller settings.
Ghost of Bai Kun
These pathetic ghosts are becoming an annoyance. Ripping them apart was fun for a time, but now it's just work. I wish we were stationed at Gao's lair instead of here.
Good news: Inquisitor Lim wants us to bring the Inscrutable Power Source to Gao's factory. Just change the command word on the dam sentries so we can go.
I just changed the command word to *cod6*Shao Hua*cod6* this morning. Do I have to change it again?
Inquisitor Lim wants the command word on those sentry golems changed before we deliver this Power Source. Are you going to be the one to tell him you couldn't be bothered?
Look around even this hill. Surely you can see the corruption. What creature would be powerful enough to cause such a thing?
You've made your point. Let's go, it'll be safer if we stick together. There are many dangers along the way to the dam.
This so-called guardian of the forest must be behind what is happening here. She sickens the trees and summons the ghosts.\n
Dangers? Like command words slipping into enemy hands?
We can't let the Inscrutable Power Source fall into enemy hands! You hold him off!
A drama of your life would be of unconvincing sincerity.
Your walk is uneven. You would be a substandard dancer.
Who dares approach? Speak the command word or suffer the wrath of Death's Hand, loyal servant of the Emperor over us all.
Ghost of Ren Ming
Perhaps another time.
Shao Hua. You may pass.
Suffering is the price of ignorance!
I should go for now.
Hua Tong
Shao Hua
The dam is down river from us. When it was closed, the water backed up and drained very slowly, causing the level of the river to rise.
Now that it is open, the water is flowing too fast and low where it flows at all. Most ships cannot weather it. The town is cut off. That is why we are leaving.
If the dam is open, why is the river so low?
Hail Death's Hand.
Emperor over us all.
I don't know the command word.
Have you seen the fools in this city who call themselves actors? Weak-chinned sycophants, every one of them! They have no passion!
It was a small role! You are in front of more people when you fight! How can your nerves affect you so?
Guild Assassin
I hear stories of strange things happening in the Empire. I don't know what to believe.
Gao should spend more time at the school... away from the rest of us.
Dawn Star is always a welcome sight in the village.
Master Li is well respected, but hasn't done much for trade.
Be careful in that cave beneath the school. People used to tell strange stories about that place.
Hearing about your fight with Gao was a fine diversion from the strange stories of ghosts that I've been hearing.
Gao does everything he can to prove that he doesn't need honor or the respect of others.
I don't know how many times Master Li has disciplined Gao, but I guess it was one too few.
What is going on in this village when people like Dawn Star go missing?
I don't hear Gao's boasting around the village. He must have run off somewhere.
I understand Dawn Star likes to be alone, but she wouldn't wander off without telling someone.
I hope Gao and Dawn Star didn't leave the village. The swamps are not safe.
male
female
Man
Woman
man
woman
Mistress
master
mistress
Mister
Missus
Secret Door
To turn down an invitation of this nature would be both impolite and unwise.
Fortunately for you, my employer, Kai Lan the Serpent has a vested interest in your success against Khana.
If it's you offering, I'm not interested.
Health increased!
Chi increased!
Focus increased!
Health restored!
Chi restored!
Focus restored!
Spear Style Powerup!
mister
missus
Sir
Madam
sir
madam
[You find three figurines: one blue, one red, and one yellow. Each is a stylized lion statue, similar to the one in this room.]
Very little, I'm afraid. I wish I could be of more help.
Insane Ghost
The Marvelous Dragonfly
To Black Leopard School
To the Market District
The Inquisitor will have some task that needs addressing, I'm sure. Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden is the contact.
To the Scholars' Garden
Theatre Pavilion
Lady Rento
Can't you tell?
Do not hesitate for too long. Sagacious Zu's sudden flight has made our task somewhat more urgent.
I would say you would be unable to lose this match unless you were to drop dead yourself. What could be easier?
She will be dealt with, regardless. Why not benefit from our actions and ensure that her... removal is clean?
Do not simply wait her out. Face her, fight her, and put on a show.\n
I handle the vast amounts of silver that pour through this place, and I collect when people fail to meet their commitments.
My role here at the arena doesn't really concern you, since fighters can't benefit from bets. I will come to you if something else comes up.
I know a clearing just outside of Tien's Landing where we can set up camp. The flyer will be safe enough if we leave it here. It's not going to get any worse, that's for certain.
Just cross the bridge and head south. Let's get going.
We shouldn't stay here. It... it isn't safe. There's so much pain and suffering in this place that I can barely think.
What did Zu say again? A clearing near Tien's Landing across the bridge and south? It sounds simple enough. Lead the way, and I'll follow.
It appears Third Brother has taken ill... though it seems an odd time. He has never been one to back down from a fight... even when he's sick.
I've been looking forward to this fight. Challenges like this keep us learning. Are you ready?
I'm waiting to hear the catch.
The evidence would have condemned Death's Hand, and it does the same to your father.
Yes, your father is behind it all.
This will be most disastrous! You have destroyed my good name! Without Lady Fourteen Flowers, the play is nothing. And some...charlatan guild performer reading it? Terrible!
Tell me about the flood.
I'm gonna be a thief when I grow up. They're tough! But I ain't gonna be the kind who steals.
Is the Emperor really ten feet tall? Does he really float? Is he really so beautiful that he makes people cry? Is he?
You ever seen a ghost? My parents are ghosts now. I ain't never seen them, though.
Do you have a sword? Can I feel your muscles? What did you eat for breakfast?
All you are, magician, is MINE!
I've heard worse threats from children. I know you'd never start anything without the old man's permission.
You wouldn't dare risk your status as exemplar to us all.
Ni Joh
I didn't think I was going to make it. Thanks again.
My boy did his best, but I'm sure glad you were there to help.
We appreciate all that you and your master did for us.
It will be some time before the fear these bandits caused will go away.
He... he didn't... make it? No. Please no.
This town is... was his home. He shouldn't have died like this. Hopefully Master Li can give this some meaning... a sorcerer here?
Thank you for your efforts. I know not everyone could be saved from this sorcerer and his men.
I'm sure you tried hard to save my father. Why would such a sorcerer come here?
What kind of animals in human skin would do this?
That sorcerer deserved to die. His victims were innocents.
I am sorry, he did not survive. I could not save him.
The weak fall as they should. He did not survive.
Student Si Pat
Farmer Ni
If you're curious, the garden lies at the far side of the richer quarters of the city, across the waterway from here.
Greetings, fellow student. The gate is closed for now, and I am tasked with keeping it so.
Please do not. This is the first task I have been given and I... don't want to get distracted.
I am dedicated to even... humbling tasks, but I agree. Guarding the school entrance is more to keep me busy than a necessity, I think.
Perhaps my vigilance will show Master Li that I am a worthy student. He has delayed my training because of some pressing matter.
I smell little tasty childrens here... something strange about you... but I smells you the same! Come out now, childrens!
Hmmmm.... definitely childrens here... but something wrong with them.
Lordling Lun
Puzzle Box
It's sort of a blend of egg white and fuchsia. I rather liked the contrast.
The blush of the rising sun stretched across the sky from the east.
Was it reached, or did the heavens guide it to him? Either way, the dusk was slipping into night.
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Monkey Paw Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Leaping Tiger Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 1
Your customers are taking advantage of you.
Would I be able to beat her record?
Why does she hold the record?
I could lend you some silver to get back on your feet.
Is there any way to cure Kia Min?
Let's look at your other sparring options.
Hiding himself away, however? That's something no one understands, and that isn't right.
Word is that Khana's blade will cross with yours next time you're out there. She's undefeated, you know.
From what people are saying, you'll get a chance to silence Soldier's bragging next. I hope you win; it would teach him some much-needed lessons.
Don't let their mysticism fool you; the Sung brothers are very skilled. You'll be facing them next, from what I hear.
You're supposed to have a shot at the Ravager next. You're the only one in recent memory who would stand a chance against that monster. Good luck.
Who would have thought Raging Ox could have turned into... that. Please end this. I hate to think my arena has become so corrupt.
I've walked that slow walk through the loser's door more times than I can count.
Don't worry about losing to me. They call me Hapless, but I've been at this a long time. Filtering out the hopefuls with no real talent, you know?
Not that you don't have talent, that is. You'll go far. Let's get in there and try again soon. Talk to Qui when you're ready.
Those trolls can be nasty. Every so often they make me tackle one of them for the crowd's amusement. It's a good show, but the stink's on you for days.
You'll get used to the occasional defeat here.
You have our collective congratulations, champion. You have done great things in this place.
Champion, I'm humbled that I bet against you as you rose through the ranks.
The Bronze Division fights aren't easy, no matter what anyone says.
Just remember to always watch your foe. Learn from them and about them. That's really all the advice I can offer.
The competition's very tough where you are, and something tells me the Serpent doesn't want you to win. Don't stand for that.
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 2
Hello again. It's a lovely day, isn't it? My bruises are healing nicely, and I really couldn't be happier.
You have something on your mind? I'm happy to help.
The... Lotus Assassins? Why would you want to know about their recruiters?
If you must know, there are two recruiters about the city. One of them is often around here recruiting for the Executioners.
I hear that another has recently dirtied the pursuit of knowledge by recruiting for the Inquisitors in the Scholars' Garden.
The Executioners are the Lotus Assassins that eliminate the problems the Inquisitors uncover. I suppose they're the more physical side of the order.
They investigate rumors of treason or crimes committed against the Empire. They're the more cerebral side of the order.
I didn't know anything until recently. One of them approached me to join their order. I refused, but I did some research. Can you believe he accused me of being a better fighter than I am?
I don't mind losing, but if I were better don't you think I'd want to win? I've fought against so many styles over the years, but I can never seem to make it come together.
The Assassins see lies and deceit everywhere. What does that tell you about them, hmm? I think they're trapped in a web of their own lies.
Just take my advice: Avoid the Assassins as you would an enraged Horse Lord marauder on the plains.
You wouldn't, would you? People don't joke about the Lotus Assassins here in the Imperial City.
This is about your friend and the Serpent, right? It would probably be better to ask some of the higher division fighters. I didn't hear much about it.
All the contestants know about the Guild. They are the real power here. Keep your voice low; we don't want Lucky Cho to hear us talking about this.
I don't know about the Guild itself, but around here the man in charge is named Kai Lan the Serpent.
I never have to deal with Kai Lan. I'm not good enough to compete with the big players, so he isn't interested in me. I prefer it that way.
I've heard from some of the others that they sometimes ask fighters to throw matches... or worse.\n
It may not actually be that bad, but I always advise new fighters to be careful, just in case.
It's not that *cod6*open,*cod6* but Lucky Cho and Kai Lan don't bother to hide their actions much. I wonder if the rest of the Guild appreciates them being that open.
As to why the Empire tolerates them, I know of at least one promising fighter who went off to join the Lotus Assassins not too long ago.\n
I don't like dwelling on the Guild. I generally pretend they're not there.
You're new to this arena aren't you? I'm happy to help you out. Do you want to know how to sign up, or are you just curious about the events?
Every warrior here starts out in the qualifying round, where they face a lot of the hopefuls. If you're doing well, you'll end up facing me!
After that there are the Bronze, Silver, and Gold Divisions, each of which has its own champion and unique trials. I'm sure Qui the Promoter can outline those for you.
You need to talk to Qui. He will handle all the paperwork and give you some good advice on getting started.
I've never really asked. I started my career here, but I'm nearly positive that the only fights that count toward your standings are the ones that take place here.
Sounds good to me.
It's always good to know who's competing at the higher levels. You're looking to the future.
You're already past me. Now that you're a *cod6*real*cod6* fighter the others will likely open up about themselves if you ask.
I know a little about Soldier, if you want to hear my take on him. We could also talk about Khana if you're curious about her.
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 1
Locked
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 2
My concern at the palace is Master Li.
There is more. Zu told me about Master Li's murdered family. The child is alive.
Are you certain you are all right? I care about you.
He's one of the most experienced fighters here, but he's hardly a mentor. He's boastful, insulting, and a general pain. The fans love to hate him, though.
He is an exceptional fighter; years of military training will do that to you. He's currently the champion of the Silver Division, which tells you something about his skills.
That's all I can think of regarding Soldier. He keeps to himself, most of the time.
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 6 Choice 3
You've already faced her, so you'd know her as well as I.
If you haven't already, be sure to talk to her. She told me that she will personally train the first person to defeat her.
She's already headed home.\n
I really respect Khana. She's undefeated, did you know? Made it all the way to Bronze Division champion without a loss.
I know she's from the Prosperous East, but for an easterner, she's very reserved. Easily the most disciplined of us all.
She's going to teach her style to the first person who can best her in the arena. People have been really excited about that, because her sword is so deadly.
I'm sure you can find your way around, but I've been here all my life. I can tell you about the scholars, the common folk, and even a bit about the Emperor himself.
Emperor Sun is a savior to the Empire! He created a never-ending supply of water for us. It's just too bad his daughter isn't a bit more respectful of tradition.
Then again, her father has changed the way things are done, so I suppose that's to be expected.
He's sealed himself away in the palace, when in the time of the drought he was a leader and an inspiration.\n
It's a shame that he's become so private; at his last appearance he seemed so full of life.
It was like he hadn't aged a day in twenty years. Perhaps trying to curtail his daughter keeps him young.
I agree, and I would never question the Emperor. He is a visionary leader. It's just that before, we could see where he was leading.
Still, I see what you're saying. Look at the endless flow of water he brought to the Empire.\n
It's new, and he changed the face of the palace to pour the water forth to the lands.\n
Princess Lian is a willful child, they say. Don't take that to mean I know her personally, but *everyone* says she's willful. To be fair, that can be good in a ruler.
Until later. I'll be here if you find yourself with a thirst.
All right.
I like them. Half are as crazy as a drunken chicken, but they occasionally come up with some ingenious ideas like the flyers.
You'll find that the most revered scholars tend to keep to their garden. Given their lively debates, that's probably safest for the rest of us.
Common folk from the Imperial City consider themselves superior to all other common folk, which is just silly, if you ask me!
The prevailing thought is that everyone outside the city has all the culture of a sunburned ox. Aside from that, the people here are the same as everywhere else. Some good, some bad.
I'm happy to help.
But... why?
Oh. I understand. I know you're not just here for the arena, that much is clear. So be it.
Well, that's fine, I suppose. I was hoping to learn more from you one day, after you finished whatever it is you're doing, but that's fine.
I'm sure we can still be friends. Thank you again for what you've taught me. I'll be here if you need anything. Excuse me a moment.
I don't see why you bothered to train me if you just wanted me to become bitter. I'll not end up like you!
Just leave me alone. I don't want to speak with you right now.
Oh, good! I'm relieved. Don't frighten me like that. While I calm down, is there anything else, Master?
That's no way to be. You need to have a positive attitude here, and in all things. Heaven provides joy for all people if only they would take it!
Of course it's forgotten!
What... are you trying to say? There's nothing wrong with a loss or two! Someone has to lose for someone to win.
But... I... Ah, by all thousand horns of the bull of despair, it's true, isn't it? I've been fooling myself this whole time. Maybe I should go back to being a smith.
Of course, I don't see how I'd be any better at that. I mean, what's the point really? It'll all rust... or just break anyway.  I'll just stay here and listen to the spectators laugh at me.
You'd better go, though!  No need to waste your time talking to a... a pathetic loser who'll never go anywhere. Go on, it might rub off, and you don't want that!
I'll see you soon enough! I'm looking forward to our match.
Right, you take care of yourself, too. Things are getting... interesting around here, with the Serpent and all. I'm sure it will all work out, though!
Of course, Master. Good day to you.
It's always nice of you to stop by and chat. A lot of people who move past me in the arena never look back.
Right you are. Take care.
Great changes have come to this place. Well done, champion.
No matter what, you'll make a better champion than Kai Lan or the Ravager.
I'm just curious. I want to be careful of them.
That's my business, Han.
Who are the Executioners?
What is an Inquisitor?
You seem to know an awful lot about the Lotus Assassins, Han.
Let me ask about something else.
I want to join them so I can have you locked away for crimes against the Empire.
I need to know some things about the Black Whirlwind's time at the arena.
Do you know anything about a Guild?
Who is in charge of the Guild?
What does the Guild do, exactly?
How can they operate so openly?
How are the matches set up?
How do I join?
Are my standings carried over from other tournaments?
Tell me about the people who fight here.
Why don't you tell me about yourself, Han?
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 1
I need to speak with Dawn Star.
I need to take care of some business in the city.
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 2
Let's go to the palace now.
If we confront him, it may not end peacefully.
Peasant Girl
Finally! Everyone get ready for a fight!
Tell me about Soldier.
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 2
Talk to me about Crimson Khana.
How well do you know the Imperial City?
I'm interested in hearing about the Emperor.
What kind of changes has the Emperor made?
Traditions should change if they are no longer relevant.
How is the Princess disrespectful of tradition?
What are your impressions of the Scholars?
Let's hear about the commoners.
I no longer wish to consider you my student.
It is for your own safety.
I have nothing more I wish to teach you.
I tire of your foolish optimism, that is why.
Wait, forget I said that. It was a mistake.
Your ridiculous good mood grates on my nerves.
I just think you take it too far. Look at your record for fights in this arena.
The mongrel known across the Imperial City as *cod6*Hapless*cod6* is lecturing me?
You're desperate to justify your pathetic record. You are utterly worthless as a warrior, and only barely a man.
That's all I need from you.
Master Shin
When did your tongue develop such barbs? Be careful lashing it around like that. Someone might tear it out for you.
Records are just numbers on paper, or beads on the abacus. One fire or a heave of the earth and they're lost forever. It's what's inside that counts, wouldn't you say?
It's the only way of looking at things. Otherwise, you go quietly insane as you slip into the blackness of despair.
Is it me you hate, or is it yourself? Think about what you're saying.
You must be having one of those days! Happens to the best of us.
That's a positive way to look at things.
I hate you, Han.
Forget it! You're hopeless.
Were any of the kings actually planning such a thing?
Lotus Assassin Monastery
You suffered doubt in defeat, but you are strengthened by the actions of this Spirit Monk. Go. Lead your fellows to victory and rest. Your path does not lie in the temple.
Go away, Lim. My son is dead. Leave me to my grief or I will see that you join him.\n
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Shooting Star Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for White Demon Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Seven Thunders Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Drunken Master Level 10 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 1 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 1 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 1 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 2 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 3 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 4 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 5 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 6 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 7 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 8 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 9 Choice 3
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 1
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 2
*cod84* Level up description for Black Mantis Level 10 Choice 3
Wait outside, Gao. I will finish with you later.
Now, my student, there are many things ahead that you must discover about yourself. I trust you know the importance of your destiny?
But we prefer to deal with these things before they become problems. I was going to do this myself, but this could be a good opportunity to prove yourself.
You're going out of business?
Who are you, again?
Maybe your standards are too high.
That is one solution, I suppose. But a true Inquisitor would probably seek out a more subtle solution before resorting to something so base and vulgar.
Yes, Master. I am ready.
What burden is that?
Minister Sheng is staying in a new Ministry hostel in the wealthy district of the city. Judge Fang spends most of his time at the arena watching the fights.
Bring peace to Merchant Bai. He can be found somewhere in the Necropolis. While Shen will reward you individually, he's ultimately tasked you with destroying all three of the ghosts.
Perhaps I've made my brewmaster services too available. We really should keep moving.
You are here! Alive! We... we thought you were dead, and then I had visions of the strangest things.
Dawn Star guided us to this place, but I expected a ghost, not flesh and blood.
It seems you have more earthly concerns in your immediate future. I estimate that the full force will be on us by tomorrow.
Let us hope that your courage is not unfounded. We have until tomorrow to plan before the bulk of the force will be upon us.
Your former master, my uncle, has taken the Jade Empire as his own. Emperor Sun Li has set the whole of his forces against us, and we are trapped here in Dirge.
Normally I would warn that such arrogance would bring the wrath of the heavens, but you appear to have a far more intimate understanding of them than I do.
You... you what?
My surprise is tempered by knowing that spouses and companions will follow beyond reason. Far, far beyond.
I... I do not know what to say.
You... I... you couldn't have.
Oooh, you walk in the parks of many gods. I will build something extra large to explode with my surprise.
Chai Ka: You must be of great standing in the eyes of the heavens. Mortals are not returned from beyond in their own form.
As annoyances go, I think ours is more pressing. Or have you all forgotten the entire army of the Emperor!
After you defeated my... my father... and Li struck you down, he claimed both your amulet and the heart of the Water Dragon and announced that his rule had begun.
The Lotus Assassins were his almost immediately. Your amulet must have allowed him to quickly do what it took my father years to accomplish.\n
We had no choice but to flee. In the days after, the new Emperor did not seem overly concerned with capturing us, and we did not know where to go.
That's why we came here. Dawn Star's vision seemed impossible, but any hope was better than none.
Only one path is passable by foot, and that is the route they are coming up. We cannot sneak past such a horde.
My Marvelous Dragonfly will not survive the passage, either. The winds force a certain path, and the Army's flyers are guarding it well.
But that is our luck, as well as our sorrow. Their inferior flyers can barely stay aloft in such currents. They will not overrun us from the air. At least, not in numbers.
We have a little time. They are still at the base of the mountain. I'd say the main force won't be here until tomorrow.
The Water Dragon returned me to life.
It would not have been proper for her to award it to you herself, but Princess Sun Lian requests that you accept this gift. She looks forward to your next meeting.
It weakened her greatly. I must try to set things right.
Why would he set the whole army against us?
The Water Dragon told me it was a powerful focusing tool.
There is no way of avoiding them? Sneaking? Flight?
Then we will raise our defense here, and come what may.
This is not the glorious task the Water Dragon said was before me.
Li sends his army to do what he could not. I am not afraid of that coward.
What happened after I fell to him?
What? The Imperial Army is coming?
Death cannot stop one as powerful as I.
I came back for Sky.
I came back because of you, Dawn Star.
I came back because of you, Princess.
Evil Spirit
What have they taken?
Figurine? You mean that clay shtatue? Pretty little thing. *hic* I jusht borrowed it for a while. I didn't shteal it.
My ma ushed to have figurines like that. I ain't seen her in a long time. I really missh her. I jusht borrowed the figurine to remind me of her.
You're a bad merchant if you can't protect your own goods.
Is there something I could do to help?
Configuration of the Dragon
Configuration of the Snake
But I like it! My ma used to have lots of little figurines like that one. I ain't sheen her in a long time. Thish helps remind me of her.
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*Thousand Cuts is aptly named, though the style does not involve blades. A master of this style relies on numerous light strikes in quick succession instead of singular punishing blows or thunderous kicks. Most opponents reel under such a relentless assault, unable to counter fast enough to find an opening for their own attacks.
Elder Tanner Fong's family has taken him back.
Go upriver to the pirate base.
Talk to Ru at his barge in Beggar's Pier. He is waiting to take you upriver.
Find Gao the Greater
Find Gao the Greater, leader of the Pirates, and defeat him.
At Minister Sheng's request, you have come here to destroy the pirates who plague Tien's Landing.
By defeating Gao the Greater, You have fulfilled Minister Sheng's request to destroy the pirates who plagued Tien's Landing.
Disperse the pirates
Order the pirates to go to Tien's Landing and earn their redemption by cleaning up the town
You have ordered the pirates to go to Tien's Landing and earn redemption by cleaning up the town
Take over the pirates
Take over the pirates operations.
You now control the pirate gang. They are to lie low for a time so that Minister Sheng will think they have been destroyed.
You may only purchase from the active level.
Elevator Controls
Soul Extractor Room
Lower Chamber Door
Upper Chamber Door
Golem Press Room
Boulders
Rocks
Soul Extractor Control
Large Boulder
After that she will take us to the palace. We are so close to Master Li. Just a little longer... I hope.
This place is so boring. I wish there were ghosts coming like people say.
Gao is mean. You're not like him, though.
I heard there might be ghosts in the swamp, but only babies are scared of that kind of stuff.
Do you have to listen to Master Li all the time? He talks a whole lot.
I don't think Gao likes getting yelled at. Master Li does it a lot.
Everybody says you are the best fighter in your school. Maybe you'll scare away the ghosts they keep talking about.
I guess there are still ghosts coming, but everybody's just talking about your fight with Gao.
I'm glad Gao got beat, but I bet he got real mad about it. He gets mad a lot.
Don't let the ghosts get Dawn Star, okay? I hear there are lots of ghosts around.
I heard one of the students died. I thought you had to be really old to die.
Nobody cares if a ghost gets Gao or not. Maybe that's why he's so mad all the time.
I'd go look for Dawn Star, but there might be ghosts out there.
Fen Do
Lotus Executioner Recruiter
You're a pompous ass.
Who are you again?
Are you under the erroneous belief that impugning my manhood will somehow entice me into a proposal?
[Success] Yes, she does have spirit. No doubt that's why these ruffians follow her with such devotion. But will she be able to channel that fire into more socially acceptable pursuits?
I would have fought the bandits, too, but I think maybe you fight a little better than me.
Will you ever learn to fight like Master Li was fighting? I want to see that!
Martial
You will have many friends in the village after your valiant effort on the beach.
It is very strange that those bandits tried to attack us. They are not usually so bold.
Well, it seems you have everyone on your side again. Hero of the village as well as the school.
I'm not sure why. Such vermin are barely a threat. I beat a couple of those fools as well, just not the swarm on the beach.
Finish your errands, and talk to your master. His concern for you is delaying my training.
They were a threat to the villagers. I was happy to help.
Why didn't you help against the bulk of them? Did you run?
I am Yifong, a simple villager. I have lived all my life here in Tien's Landing, but now I must take my daughter and venture out to the wilderness.
Why hasn't anyone mentioned the burning of Dirge before?
I'll answer your questions first, and then you can help me with my exhaustive study of anatomy.
I do, however, have irrefutable proof that their grand fortress is only the second most impressive structure in the Imperial City.
Ugh! If this keeps up, I am going to start punching. And kicking. Those sailors will find out how good I am at biting.
I'll smack them so hard they'll see their own backsides.
I am fine. You need not worry about me. I am a peasant girl; I grew up on the farm and out in the fields. I know how to take care of myself.
To deal with the likes of those? Hah! Not likely. They're idiots. I'm a tough girl. I grew up on the farm and out in the fields. I can take care of myself.
Still, I thank you for asking. It is rare these days to see someone who actually cares about others.
Their ship is trapped in port. It has been here for a few days. They are itching to get back on the water, but they can't. So they are going crazy and getting drunk.
They get worse every day. And I swear by my ancestors, I am going to kill one of them soon.
I don't know. Why don't you ask the authorities? Minister Sheng is in the town square, in front of the burned-out husk of his former Ministry building.
He is one of the most useless government officials I have ever seen, but he is not a bad man. I'm sure he'll be happy to tell you why he can't possibly do anything.
Just go around the far side of the teahouse and follow the path up to the next hilltop. The town square is the highest part of town.\n
Their captain? He stays by his ship down at Beggar's Pier. I think he just wants to be gone from here. He tried to control them for the first few days.
In fact, I remember, when the ship first pulled into port, they were a very well-behaved crew. Better than most, really. But they have just been here too long.
You can go down to Beggar's Pier and ask the captain for yourself.
You don't know? Just ask around town, and you'll learn soon enough. In fact, talk to Minister Sheng in the town square. He will tell you the whole story.
Then you are sick. At least they have the excuse that they are drunk. You're sober, and you still think a woman likes it when men behave like that?
I have nothing more to say to you.
Then you are sick. Perhaps you like it when drunken, stinky men behave that way, but I don't. And I don't think most women do.
It's stupid women like you who make men think they can get away with that sort of thing. I have nothing else to say to you.
Goodbye. The sailors probably won't bother you, unless they get really desperate.... no, never mind. Just watch out for those sailors. They're nasty ones.
Goodbye. Watch out you don't run afoul of these nasty sailors. They'll hound you until you have to hurt them. Better just to avoid them.
Are you okay?
Do you need my help?
Why are the sailors creating such a problem?
Can't the authorities do anything?
Where is the town square?
The ship's captain can't control his sailors?
Why is the ship stuck here?
I think you liked the way they talked to you.
I gained status from it. Perhaps you need to learn the value of respect.
Go away. You'll not have the chance to hurt me again.
It is a well-earned accolade. We should all be proud.
So you are at their beck and call? A service animal for those too weak to protect themselves. An endless, foolish road to go down.
I did not run, I dealt only with the bandits that got in my way. Why waste my time stomping rats into the sand?
There are always victims, always weaklings. You could live a thousand lives, and still someone would be begging for your help.
Will I? If you scum have any sense at all, you'll stand aside. Let me go drive a blade through your master's throat and I'll forget I saw you.
Chumin
What is this? We missed a couple of these pitiful students?
I hate this. There's no challenge in killing simple peasants.
They said no survivors, so there better be no survivors.
I know, I know, but who is this for? Whoever's really giving the orders must be influential.
Do you want to ask Gao the Greater? No. So quit yapping and make sure there's no survivors.
Looks like we have a few more peasants to put down.
Let's just make it quick.
This is like crushing ants. There's no end to you people.
The same question all the others asked. You'll get the same answer too.
Men! Gao the Greater wants this village cleared! Get the job done!
That's what the rest of your fellows said, too.
Just before their heads hit the ground.
Bah! I doubt you've seen real bloodshed, just like the other would-be warriors in this school!
Why have you done this?
Monster! You'll pay for this slaughter!
I'm no weakling student. I will defeat you!
Ants? That's all their lives were to you?
It was while the Emperor was indisposed. He does his best thinking in... private, you see.
Is that what that fat carp said? I suppose he said I am on the wrong path or don't know the Way. Garbage, all of it.
It's sure to be more exciting than this dead place.
Though impulsive, my daughter Fuyao speaks truly. The Great Dam down river has opened, the river is too low and treacherous for anyone to navigate. We are cut off from the Empire.
The people are starving and pirates terrorize the town. Our leader Minister Sheng seems powerless to do anything. So, we choose to try our luck in the wilderness.
If I could, I would stay here. I am a simple villager, and I have lived here all my life. But now, my daughter and I must venture out into the wilderness.
What good would preparing for a fire that would never come do these kings?
This place feels all wrong. Can't you feel it? It's like the very air is unclean.
I have heard of the dangers: wild animals and worse men. Pirates and slavers who swoop down in their flyers on unwary travelers.
Some believe there are even worse things in the wilderness: ghosts that torment the living. Still, it's better than sitting in Tien's Landing waiting to die.
You don't know the whole story. Minister Sheng would probably pay someone to close the dam, but nobody is brave enough to make the journey. There are dark things up there.
Some claim it is ghosts, trying to torment us. Some think it is pirates. I don't know. All I know is that there seems to be no way to get the Great Dam closed again.
I don't know... Minister Sheng doesn't know. Nobody knows! But the town is dying, and I would rather try my luck out in the wilderness than stay here.
I agree. Perhaps I alone should speak, just to save time.
Where is Fuyao's father?
I will let you be on your way.
Your warnings won't scare me away, peasant!
She died in childbirth, and the baby died with her. Her family put her in the family plot along with her son. She came up again recently, looking for revenge on me.
She seems to think that *I* killed her baby, or took it or something. Maybe she saw me take away the body, but she won't believe me. Every time I go near, she tries to kill me!
That's valuable retail space over there...
Talk to Minister Sheng
Minister Sheng in the town square at the heart of Tien's Landing can give you more information about the Great Dam.
Enter the Ruins to Reach the Dam
Go through the ruins to the Great Dam and find some way to close it. Watch out for ghosts and the Lotus Assassins.
Minister Sheng said the Lotus Assassins opened the dam to search for something in the ruins of old Tien's Landing. They don't care about the hardship they are causing the town. Sheng gave you a key to the ruins hoping you can close the dam. He also mentioned Captain Ing, a local man that would give a reward if you talk to him first.
Close the Great Dam
Find the Great Dam in the ruins and find some way to close it.
The Lotus Assassins opened the dam to search the ruins of old Tien's. Minister Sheng gave you a key to the ruins so you can close the dam. Merchant Jiang wants the dam controls destroyed so things remain as they are. He is profiting off the misery of the locals, and can likely offer a larger reward than the Captain Ing that Sheng mentioned.
The dam is closed, and the river is rising again. The town of Tien's Landing is saved, at least from their trade concerns.
Sabotage the Dam
Find the Great Dam in the ruins and sabotage the controls.
Talk to Jiang
Find Jiang in the Beggar's Pier district of Tien's Landing and give him the Jade Heart from the dam.
You have destroyed the controls of the Great Dam as Merchant Jiang In Tien's Landing asked. Bring the Jade Heart, a part of the controls, to Jiang at his shop in Beggar's Pier for a reward.
By sabotaging the dam, you doomed the town of Tien's Landing to a long and slow death, but at least Merchant Jiang lined your pockets with silver.
What's that smell? Oh, that's right, it's me.
I'm certain you understand the ethics at stake. My knowledge of their strengths and weaknesses would be a weapon in the wrong hands.
Pity that you are so quick to refuse the unknown.
My eyes may not function, but I am not blind to the world.
Perhaps you should talk to Qui the Promoter. He often seeks new warriors to do battle in these ancient halls.
Necropolis
Not this time, Princess. I will be heard.
Why are you leaving town?
Oh, fire in the eyes. How exciting.
The wilderness is very dangerous.
Don't leave. Perhaps I can save the town.
Your cowardice endangers your daughter. Flee, peasant.
Why did the Great Dam open?
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'll pass regardless.
The Tournament
You're a stranger here, aren't you? I know everyone in Tien's Landing, and I've never seen you before! I would remember you.
You should turn right around and leave this town. Trust me!
Forgive me, great one! I meant no offense. I only meant that you should leave our town because it is doomed. I was only trying to warn you.
Everything in Tien's Landing is falling apart. Sheng, the local minister, is helpless to deal with all our troubles. You should get out while you can.
The merchants can't buy goods from the Imperial City. The traders can't sell to the outside world. The men cannot fish, and our children go hungry.
Um, yes, I do. Why do you ask?
Airship? I have only heard of such things: graceful ships that sail through the air! I've always longed to see one, but I'm just a simple peasant.
Perhaps Minister Sheng would know something about this. He once lived in the Imperial City; I have heard the skies above it are filled with airships!
What few goods the merchants have are for sale there. Things are getting better now that the dam is closed, but their stores won't be fully replenished for some time.\n
What few goods the merchants have are for sale there. They have very little, however, since the town is cut off.
Goodbye, mighty stranger. Please forgive my earlier impertinence. It will not happen again.
Greetings, mighty one. I pray this humble peasant has not insulted you again? If so, I beg your forgiveness. We have enough troubles here in Tien's Landing already.
Why should I leave?
You can't tell me what to do, peasant!
Tell me about the troubles here.
Do you have your coin purse with you?
I need your silver to help me save the town.
I need to find a flyer or some other kind of airship.
I can assure you that I no longer share an allegiance with them. It was a short dalliance that ended on poor terms.
I have questions about the town.
I will answer what I wish.
I do not have strength to answer. I am cut open, and the way to the underworld is shut. Spirits are lost with no shepherd, no guardians. You must restore us.
Corpse
Greetings. I am the Abbot of Three Peaks Monastery. I will be giving you your sample quest today.
You would have come upon my plot upon arriving at the Three Peaks Monastery and finding it in mourning.
Upon gaining an audience with me, I would have told you that some of my monks were murdered the night before by a Lotus Assassin. The Lotus Assassin is known to be hiding in the caves below the monastery.
In fact, we are standing in those very caves and the villainous murderer is the Lotus Assassin at the other end of the room.
I have now given you the journal entry as if you were on the quest. Check your journal page before moving forward to fight the assassin and then check it again once you've killed him.
After that, come and speak with me again to resolve the quest.
Check your journal and then kill the Lotus Assassin and check it again. Then come and speak with me to resolve the quest.
You have completed the quest and I will now resolve your journal entry to its completed state.
You're blind. How can you sense anything?
I wasn't watching.
This day has been full for you, and you still have the cavern to face.
If you listen to Lin parroting the villagers' stories, that place has a dark past, but I'm sure Master Li wouldn't send you into unreasonable danger.
You are the hero of the moment! Gao claims that he dealt with hordes of bandits, but everyone else agrees that you turned aside their main attack.
It is good that you were here. My foolish lack of attention forced Master Li to come to my rescue and left me with a wound that will take a few weeks to heal.
Master Li assures me I will heal in time. It's a shame, as Smiling Mountain was teasing me just yesterday with some *cod6*special prize.*cod6*
Smiling Mountain trains students in group combat, and just yesterday, I managed to break your record for the number of opponents faced at once.
He teased me by saying if I could go one higher, he might have a prize for me. I suppose he might make the same offer to you, if you're up to it.
If I could fight, he could likely round up enough opponents for you to make a run at a new record, but I can't face anyone with this wound.
You are falling behind, Gang. Grand Inquisitor Jia is not happy, therefore I am not happy. If your work does not improve, I will have to stop taking credit for it.
The latest battalion of golems stand idle because of you. If the production of the Jade Golem is delayed again, perhaps your soul will fuel our next attempt.
I'll just leave you to that then.
Tonight we require a shard of exceptional quality for a Jade Golem that will control the latest battalion of golems. You will oversee this in the extraction chamber.
You clearly deserve better than the short life of a regular acolyte. Your ability surprised me. Use it to surprise the others as well. Help me gain the power to help you.
You have any more work for me?
Can we talk about the city?
[Intimidation] I think I deserve a little extra compensation for my work.
That's it? We just forget what Zu did and move on?
Then you'll join the corpses you care for!
You are too valuable to abandon a second time.
You have heard his lies for years. Will this change anything?
Whatever. I'm leaving.
Purveyor Shouji wants me to fetch an artifact from a tomb in the Necropolis.
What is this building behind you?
We'll worry about that when the time comes.
What is there to do around here?
Magic
Monster
Transformation
He's been wandering around the house for days and with all these ghosts up and about, no one will deal with him!
He should have the sense to realize he's dead and stay buried!
Unless I've got a sure feeling, I always go with rolling high.
If you're here to play, talk to Daoshen.
All the rich folk don't know the fun they're missing.
Daoshen's game is the best in the city.
This game's the only honest one in town.
People call me Lishun the Talkative, though I've no idea why. I'm actually a basket maker. In fact, I dare say I'm the best basket maker in all of Tien's Landing!
My children only need one meal a day; after all, they're small. And my wife can take a third job, if necessary. I know things will turn around soon.
Can you imagine? They have no faith in the Emperor, nor in Minister Sheng, who is in charge of Tien's Landing. I am sure the cunning Sheng has a plan to save us.
He's in the town square, the highest point in Tien's Landing. Just follow any path leading up until you can't go any higher, and you're there.
Minister Sheng may not have the best reputation, but I'm sure that's just gossip. I bet he's actually a smart, active man who can reassure you of our town's future.
You have secured the acceptance of the Lotus Assassins and are free to enter their fortress deep within the tombs of the Necropolis. Somewhere in the inner chambers is the information against Death's Hand that Princess Lian wants.
Infiltrate the Lotus Assassin Fortress
Despite Zu's remarks, you must still find Master Gang and see if service to him will gain you access to the inner chambers and the information the princess requires.
You now bear the title of Lotus Acolyte. Gaining access to the inner chambers will be a challenge with such a lowly rank, but the princess will not take you to the palace until you have the information against Death's Hand that she needs. Zu has given a cryptic warning, but he has not clarified why he left or what he is here to do.
Defeat the Rampaging Ghosts
Master Gang told you to defeat some ghosts unleashed by his rival, Master Shin. Gang clearly does not expect you to survive. Return to him when you are done.
Follow Gang to the Chambers Below
You are ordered to follow Master Gang to the central chambers.
Construct a Spirit Shard
Complete all the steps to create a spirit shard.
Where can I find Minister Sheng?
Kill Master Shin
Complete all the steps to kill Master Shin.
***TEMP YOU WON ROUND 4, NOW WIN ROUND 5
***TEMP ROUND 5
***TEMP  WIN ROUND 5
***TEMP  YOU WON ROUND 5, NOW WIN ROUND SIX
***TEMP ROUND 6
***TEMP  WIN ROUND 6
***TEMP YOU WON ROUND 6, AND ENTERED THE GIANT'S ECHELON. NOW WIN ROUND 7.
***TEMP ROUND 7
***TEMP WIN ROUND 7
***TEMP YOU WON ROUND 7, NOW WIN ROUND 8
***TEMP ROUND 8
*** TEMP WIN ROUND 8
*** TEMP YOU WON ROUND 8. HONG SAYS THIS IS THE LAST ROUND AND THAT YOU ARE THE CHAMPION.
*** TEMP YOU WON ROUND 8, NOW FIND A WAY TO FIGHT THE CHAMPION.
***TEMP THE CHAMPIONSHIP
*** TEMP WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
*** TEMP YOU WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP!
A custom character fits none of the predefined archetypes. You decide how the character has developed their skills and how he or she applies the lessons learned in training. A custom character begins the game with any one of the starting styles.
I have silver, but that money does not grant skill, not skills like yours. We need your help!
School Gate
You can't resist me forever!
Please, help my boy! He's down by the beach, east of the central square in town.
I'll be back after I destroy the dam.
You are drawn by destiny. Like water flowing... bleeding. Have you begun to question your path? It is murky... blocked, but carefully crafted.
You are on this path because you have been shaped... groomed... and the predators have been drawn away to let you pass. Can you see how that path winds towards your prey?\n
These demons serve the Mother, and as the Forest Shadow weakens they grow more bold. Even attacking this sacred place.
You are meant to learn, but not too much. To see, but not too clearly. To succeed, but not completely.
To control an outcome, control the beginning. It is godlike... the most arrogant action. That is what was done.
Unh...
I weaken... but listen. Endings come at their own pace. You would better serve your cause by asking where it began. Question why the path is there, not where it leads.
For now, look to yourself. The guardian ahead will test and teach. He is an ally... one you can trust. Find your purpose... fulfill your destiny, and we will meet again.
They will attack you, as well. My sisters will try to protect you, but we need your help as much as you need ours. You must reach my mistress quickly.
The woman directing them both was Grand Inquisitor Jia. Jia partnered with Gao the Greater and sent Inquisitor Lim here as her representative.
Quit speaking in circles. Tell me something useful!
Are you saying I've been misled?
I'm in a ghost-filled ruin. I don't have time for this.
What happened to the forest?
The forest burned?
And because of their demands, I am forced to make flyers that they misuse. But they won't get the Marvelous Dragonfly. My special creation will not be abused.
I've heard enough of this story for now.
Kia Min
You didn't answer my question.
How do Master Li's skills measure up to your teachers in the Imperial City?
The dam is downriver from us. When it was closed, it slowed the flow of the river, causing it to back up and the water level to rise.
But with the dam open, the water drains away too quickly and our river, the lifeblood of this town, has become a trickle. The river has no fish, and ships can't navigate it.
Ghosts bring wind. Wind is no friend to a river fisherman, I can tell you that.
One thing that is good about being a fisherman? You never see a ghost out in the middle of the river.
I still believe in the Emperor. He'll look after us.
The fisherman's life is a hard one. Don't let anyone tell you different.
Why is the river so low if the dam is open?
Tien's decision was made over the mid-day meal. The Flower Guardians would allow nothing else.
Such a thing could only be decided in the deepest part of the night.
I surpassed his ability long ago. He's jealous, like the rest of you. You'll all see what I am capable of soon enough.
No, you can't mean that! They won't reach the fortress and the driver is gone. Please don't do this.
No, I have no interest in fighting you right now. I'll wait until it's worth it, when the whole school is watching and I can crush you slowly.
Master Li wants to talk to you. Do me a favor, and go talk to him. Then maybe I can actually receive some education at this school.
They're more riled than usual this time, but I think we can handle this. I'd best get back down there.
I'd be happy to help.
Solve your own problems, Qui. I'm just here to fight my matches.
Oh, now, that's not good. Not good at all.
He is dead, and the Empire will shed no tears. He paid the price for aligning himself with Death's Hand. There is no reason to say any more than that.\n
You name the Emperor among your personal foils? You have a grand opinion of yourself. Don't be so quick to link Sun Hai to the destruction you have seen.
Death's Hand may still answer to him, but it is a long leap from that to assuming the Emperor approves of what the Lotus Assassins have done.
Both of those possibilities will be hard for people to swallow. The Emperor is the Emperor. He is above weakness or viciousness.
To question that is to question the nature of the Jade Empire, and I am not... not many people are willing to do that.
The Emperor is the foundation upon which we build. If he is weakened, we all fall.
There is little to tell that would affect you now. The Assassins are fanatically loyal to Death's Hand, and he uses that influence to do as he wishes.
He also controls the Imperial Army, but they are no longer in his favor, it seems. Mere guards in comparison to the Assassins.
Death's Hand was just beginning his rise to power when I left the Lotus Assassins. I do not know much more about him.
Goodbye, then.
Student Kia's injury
Chen Yi
What's the nonsense supposed to mean?
N/A
[Success] Aw, geez. Now you got me feelin' all guilty about my ma!
[Failure] Hey, you don't know nothin' about my ma! You leave her out of this!
[Success] A gift from his ma? Aw, geez. I guessh he probably wants it back, huh?
Configuration of the Horse
Configuration of the Goat
[Failure] So? Why should I care? I got enough to worry about with my own ma. I ain't sheen her in a long, long time.
[Success] Hey, you don't have to get all mad or nothin'. I ain't lookin' to fight you.
Here, take the figurine. *hic* I didn't mean to cause no trouble. I just missed my ma is all. *sniff*
I ain't cryin'! I jusht... I jusht got shomething in my eye! *sniff* I... I gotta go back to the boat now. Come on, boys. Let'sh go.
[Failure] You don't shcare me! You talk big, but my ma didn't raise no coward.
Uh... okay then. *hic*
Stuck? Now that reminds me of my favorite song. *cod6*I'm a sailor fine... and I like my wine... on the water blue....*cod6* Do you know the rest of the words?
*cod6*...Making sense ...on the water blue... I knew a sailor named....*cod6* Are you sure you don't know the... the... what do you call them?
He was amid a mighty forest of trees that were green despite the cold.
The Emperor was raking sand in the impromptu meditation garden he'd ordered constructed.
He stood at the edge of a vast plain, the ground covered in snow.
He stood near a great river, its banks edged with frost!
He stood facing a wall of mountains, the bitter winds freezing the land.
The flower guardians may blossom but the warmth of spring can hide an icy heart.
The lands to the north are locked in ice and snow forever.
This was some time ago, yes.
No, all of this happens as we speak. Lady Fourteen Flowers has the gift of prophecy!
Heaven's reach is wide. Weather is not the same in all places, Puzzle.
None other than Two Drops Yi Tan, his personal food taster.
Any good shops in the area?
He turned to the heavens themselves, as they had already turned to him.
None other than myself. I am his closest confidant.
He fell to the earth, to hear its spirit sing out to him.
I'll go to the fortress now.
I am going to do the task for the other recruiter first.
He turned to no one. Emperor Tien was alone.
The Horselords proved too strong for our forces.
I think Sagacious Tien just got a little bored with always winning, to be frank.
There was no more land to conquer.
Burning fires forced our army to turn back.
A shooting star traced the border of our lands.
Wait, don't hurt me! I was just... hey, you're no pirate. I remember the face of everyone I used to sail with, and I've never seen you before.
My name's Cheung. Once I was a pirate on the river, but things were different then. We took pride in our work. We were professionals. Not like these lazy, drunken louts!
Pirates are hidden away all through this lair. You shouldn't have too much trouble with them. One of Gao's new captains is around. Watch out for her; she's a tough one.
Up near the top, you'll find the airships and Gao himself. Maybe Inquisitor Lim, too. He's so cold he could scare a spirit back to life, then scare him dead all over again.
I was more than just a pirate; I was captain! I robbed and pillaged up and down these waters, but I did things differently. We sailed the waters, not the skies.
Ha! Did you see the looks on their faces when that cannon hit them? Now they're feeding fish at the bottom of the river!
Gao ruined everything. I tried to tell them, but nobody listened. You'd think the Lotus Assassins would have been a warning. Even a pirate knows better than to get mixed up with them.
The younger pirates used to look up to me. Now they treat me like dirt! They treat me worse than that slave cleaning the pier. But I'm going to get even... I'll show them!
What do you know about the other pirates here?
Don't worry. They won't kill me.
Bah. I'd rather kick in the doors that keep up this secrecy.
That'll teach the lazy fools to leave equipment half unloaded. They don't deserve to be called pirates! Go on, give the rope a pull and give 'em what they got coming!
Once inside, I can take care of myself.
Quit wasting time! Pull the rope and wipe out everyone on the pier, or go take those guard on the dock out yourself. But whatever you do, do it quick.
Watch yourself in this place. One minute you're on top, the next you're on the bottom, bowing and scraping.
Hmph! Those pirates didn't seem to give you much trouble at all. Back in my day, a pirate knew how to fight, but these young ones are soft and weak.
I know this island better than anyone still alive, so I'm the right one to ask. What do you want to know?
Then Gao came with his Lotus Assassins and airships, and suddenly my ideas were old fashioned! My men turned on me, and Gao kept me around as a broken down servant.
Ask away, and I'll do my best to answer. Any enemy of Gao and the Lotus Assassins is a friend of mine!
Do you have somewhere safe you can go?
Sounds like a good idea.
I don't need fancy tricks. I'm just going to hurt them.
What do you know about Gao?
Any idea about what I might run across in this place?
If you were a pirate, how did you end up as a servant?
I'm done with you. Go talk to your precious master. Training will not resume until he has met with you.
Why should I care? I have little interest in the other students here and even less for the mud farmers outside. I am here to train, nothing more.
You'll soon see what I am capable of. I will make sure of it.
I see how you might think that is valuable, but are these mud farmers worth the effort? I don't think so.
All I care about is my ability and what I want. The cares of everyone else are not my concern.
You'll soon see what I am capable of. Now, go talk to your precious master. He will not resume our training until he has met with you.
It happened again, didn't it? You saw something? I don't like the effect this place has on you. Let's get going.
Oh, not the best place for a lie-down. Whatever your trouble, we need to keep moving.
Another momentary stumble? This could become a concern if it happens many more times. Try to keep moving.
You fell from the sky, but despite the maddened spirits here, you will benefit. A Spirit Monk was here long ago, fleeing the destruction that orphaned you.
You have accepted First Gravedigger Shen's job to put the ghosts back in their graves. He has asked you to put to rest the spirits of Miss Chan, Merchant Bai and Mister Ren. You can find them throughout the Necropolis. He offers a reward for each one you put down.
Bah! I don't need the respect of the weak. If they cannot protect themselves, what good are they to me? An endless, foolish road to go down.
This has been a busy day for us all. Is there something you need?
Smiling Mountain was right, you have the temper of a child.
This from someone nobody wants help from. You are barely welcome here at all.
Where are my manners, though? You're the Imperial Champion, and a damn fine one, I must say.
Glad to have the Serpent taken care of. He was going to ruin this place before long. Now, what can Three Reach Lao do for you?
You're one of the arena's new contestants, and Three Reach Lao always has time for you folks. Except that oaf, Soldier.
*cod237*
Well, look who it is! The new Imperial Champion, out here mucking with the common folk!
Bah. Li is right to fear me now. Let them come.
The weak today may be strong tomorrow. I invest so I may reap.
Oh, certainly! We'll sit back and let you stroll upstairs to kill our leader! Would it help if we drew you a map to his room?
Uh... I don't think Gao would like that.
I wasn't serious, you idiot! We're going to kill this intruder and go back to our drinking. He's just one man; he can't beat all of us.
Look around. The odds are not so much in your favor. There's still a chance for you to run.
What are you talking about, fool?
You haven't noticed my partner over there watching us? He's spent his entire lifetime learning how to kill dogs like you. This is your last chance.
You haven't noticed my partner over there watching us? Don't let her grace and beauty fool you; she's deadly. This is your last chance to get out of here alive.
So the thief brought a friend? That just means you won't die alone. Attack!
My name is Sky. It's good to see there's someone else in this place who can't stand these slaving dogs. We make quite the pair.
Indeed. I find I'm just not saved enough these days. Shame, that.
If you're going to kill me, I say we save it for a big stunt and make it worthwhile. Besides, I have something very important to accomplish before I die.
It was obvious you weren't with the pirates, why not deal with them quickly? There's bigger game above us.
Speaking of which, there's a very secure and equally intimidating gate blocking the way. If we work together, though, it will be simple to crack.
Good thing I was here to save you.
You dragged me into your fight!
I should kill you for that little stunt!
You have better insight into you opponent's weaknesses, allowing you to exploit them.
You can focus your attacks better and do more damage with every strike.
Info
He is too powerful.
You knew you could not beat me, exile.
Ya Zhen: Your return was predicted by more than Dawn Star. Assaulting the spirit realm has alerted your enemies.
Few things are more dangerous than the interest of the heavens.
Pardon the intrusion, but might I add the entire army of the Emperor to that list? Or is that too small a thing for your attention!
Never fear. There are people I mean to harm, but you are not one of them.
I will pull the lever once you are in position by the door.\n
I wasn't looking for victory.
Such creatures are not accustomed to needing assistance, or being called on to assist. Both circumstances would likely annoy them.
Chai Ka: Dawn Star was not the only one aware of your return to life. Assaulting the spirit realm has alerted Sun Li.
Just a few seconds.
How does the mechanism work?
Then what happens?
Area attacks are very difficult to evade. To counter them, block by holding *cod7*Block*cod8* without moving the left thumbstick.
He didn't consider us a threat. We had no way of fighting him. Just as with Sun Hai, only a Spirit Monk can face him with hope of success.
Unfortunately, Emperor Sun Li sensed your stirrings in the spirit realm as well, and now we are trapped.
Very well. Go unlock the door.
If you betray me, I'll kill you.
Switching styles during combat can often make all the difference.
Yes, I will have my people spread rumors of your interest. Once you pass the Silver Round, the Executioner will take an interest. I'm sure he will find you as impressive as I do.
What is the meaning of this?
Hello my love. Or should I call you by your rank now, Captain Sen? Surely it's been a very long time.
What, that mercenary? Let me have a look! Ha! Would you look at that. Uncovered by a dedicated servant of the Empire!
That will teach me to trust one of the Empire's hounds!
Here's the expanded bounty. In light of his successful capture, I'll overlook that the man almost made it out of the city.
He thinks that with me out of the way, he has the tannery and all my money. But I'll show him yet!
Don't get that look, girl! Three Reach Lao is just pulling your leg. It's good to see that Serpent fellow out of here.
If it pleases you, stranger, this is a matter of great importance, and no one besides yourself can help me.
They've made me a rich man, but they still have much silver to spend, and I have a large enough supply of wine to last many moons before my stocks run dry.
No, you may not.
Yes, he did.
None of your business.
Do you have a proposition or not?
Well, well. Is the Imperial City all you expected? It is quite a spectacle compared to the bulk of the Empire. The Marvelous Dragonfly performed perfectly, of course.
Oh surely you can spare just a moment to hear me out? I'm direly in need of assistance, you see.
Once you change this scene, you change the very soul of the production! It's hardly my play at all if they perform it their way!
They've changed it from a commentary of man's inhumanity to man to a satire of the Empire.
I'm certain the Lotus Assassins would blame me for the satire.
Of course I would pay you. In fact, I'd match... er... Well, this is odd.
It's just that there's no *cod6*going*cod6* rate for female actors or whatever you'd be called. It's unheard of.
Of course there are, though I'm not supposed to know it. The entire establishment turns a blind eye to them.
They deserve that much respect. I hear the bosom binding, pant stuffing, and whatnot is a far cry from comfortable.
The irony is that many of them get cast as the female roles--fresh faces, you see--leaving us with a woman playing a woman through four layers of costume. Most unsightly.
No. The whole situation leads to some interesting costuming challenges, I can tell you. There are female actors, but the establishment turns a blind eye to them.
Oh, by all the heavens I would never presume, madame. There are female actors, but the establishment turns a blind eye.
I, myself, have pushed long and hard for realism; *cod6*verisimilitude*cod6* is the word they're throwing out these days. And what better way to avoiding all that unnecessary shirt stuffing?
Alas, tradition often becomes a barrier blackened by short-sightedness that is not easily overcome.
I need that fire and that passion! That's what I need.
I don't think such drastic steps will be necessary. We have the desperation of directors on our side here.
No, that wouldn't be right at all.
I need you to take a role in the play and read the role the... er, original way.
Remember, you'll have to memorize your lines, no scripts on stage, of course. Also, make sure you read from this script.
I would most certainly pay you for your time.
I never attend my own plays, no. Much too nerve wracking. Someone goes for me. She is...very kind to do that. I heard how it went.
You do, do you? I have been asking around, you know.
The worst part is that the... ugh... commoners loved it. I'm sure it will run for many turnings of the moon as their boorish faces laugh and laugh.
It will make vast amounts of silver, each coin falling like a weight upon my heart!
Perhaps as many as three!
No, I have not had any new insights. The best option I can suggest is just to keep your eyes open. There has to be reference to them somewhere.
Certainly. It's just a flick of a switch. And I'm reasonably sure the trip isn't even doing any irreparable harm.
What's odd?
Something the matter?
Well, I'm judging by the smoke and the panicked state of the people that you were successful in your mission.
There's NO female actors in the entire city?
Sounds like a lot of unnecessary work.
Do the plays only have male characters?
Typical. You think women are too delicate to perform, is that it?
Maybe it's time we tore down some of these traditions. What do you need me to do?
If you're asking that I pretend to be a man, the answer is no.
Does this mean you're not going to pay me for my help?
I think it went well.
I can't believe I agreed to help you.
Now don't get all offended, your championship; I mean no harm. Three Reach Lao is just here thanking you for getting rid of the Serpent.
Search for the missing hunter.
You have found Hunter Shau, and he's clinging to a gem which precipitated the attack at the temple. If you could get a hold of it, perhaps you can lure the creature that attacked you out of hiding.
Acquire Hunter Shau's gem.
You need the gem Hunter Shau's holding on to. You could just take it, but perhaps there's some way to talk him into giving it to you.
You have acquired the gem Hunter Shau found at the temple. It may be a way to lure the creature that attacked the first hunting party out of hiding.
I'd like to ask you some questions about the Necropolis.
Can I ask you some more questions about the arena?
Certainly, go ahead.
Why is the full name not commonly used any more?
Does the Emperor still play an active role in the arena?
How does anyone keep track of that many rules?
Throne Room
I have told you what you need to do. Appease one of the Lotus Assassin recruiters to gain access to their fortress.
Outer Exit
Inner Exit
Bridge 1
Tomb Door
Bridge 2
Water Dragon Tower
I wanted nothing more than to watch this man die.
Entrance\n
Emperor
I've made some... repairs to the Marvelous Dragonfly. It's ready to go as soon as you are. The trip to the palace will be very... quick.
What? Not now... I'm busy with repairs on the Dragonfly. Come back later.
Go, explore the city. I will stay here and watch over the Marvelous Dragonfly. I have some ideas for making her even better. Go... have fun. I know I will.
Seven Thunders
**Temp** Seven Thuders description
Black Mantis
*cod84* Description for Black Mantis style
Drunken Master
*cod84* Description of Drunken Master style
Leaping Tiger
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*With the vigor and speed of the animal for which this martial style was named, Leaping Tiger dazzles onlookers even as it carves up opponents. Practitioners of this Martial style focus so completely on the strength and quickness of the tiger that razor-sharp claws seem to sprout from their fists. The style's quick, leaping techniques and punishing strikes create a flurry of death that can keep even armed opponents at bay.\n
Monkey Paw
*cod84* Description of Monkey Paw style
Shooting Star
*cod84* Description of Shooting Star style
*cod84* Description for Single Sword style
White Demon
Martial Style*cod2*This style can complete a Harmonic Combo. *cod2**cod2*Many martial artists criticize the White Demon style for being slow and ponderous, but in the hands of a true master it can be one of the deadliest martial styles of all. While it lacks the crowd-pleasing panache of faster styles, White Demon's sheer power and intimidating techniques plow through opponents like an ogre in a teahouse.\n
You cannot save during combat.
Imperial Palace
Tell me about the Emperor's Tomb.
Tell me about the ghost troubles.
The Emperor
Emperor First Form
I'll ask some other time.
[Intimidation] I don't think you paid me enough for all the work I did.
How are you and Tanner Fong working out?
A playwright has approached you, hoping that you can help him preserve the integrity of his play. You agreed to take on a small but pivotal role in the performance.
The Play's the Thing
It should be a straightforward task. Convince everyone to move with threats or guile. I would do it myself but I cannot act directly.
The Imperial City is a vast place, my friend. Be sure you don't get lost.
My father lived through the drought. He can attest to the marvelous change Emperor Sun Hai has brought to the Empire.
The Jade Empire would be in ruins if it wasn't for Emperor Sun Hai.
Some of the finest items you'll ever find can be bought right here in the city.
There must be fewer travelers for the bandits to prey on. They have to be desperate to attack the village.
I must be going.
[Failure] No... Zhong only hurt other ox, too. Zhong is bad.
When you free Ling, I'm sure he'll pay you and be more than happy to show you his considerable inventory of goods.... some of the best in the Empire I hear.
The shrine helps you to focus on your inner voice. Your Chi and Health are replenished.
Palace
My techniques for releasing your untapped inner energies are newer and slightly more radical, but even they benefit from a century of research and years of practice.
Put simply, your body possesses incredible energies, some of which can fall out of balance, putting the body at risk of disease.
Acupuncture releases blockages in your body's meridians--natural pathways for this energy--allowing your body to restore its balance.
I do not care if you consider the methodology accurate. I know the results I can produce.
The new schools have found ways to optimize the body's energy pathways to make you stronger than you would be normally.
You would have to practically abandon your pursuit of martial prowess to understand them more fully, but you have other skills to hone.
Tell me some more.
How does this allow you to make people stronger?
Sounds like a bunch of nonsense to me.
Area Transition
The simplest task, I'm sure. Tell him you are relieving him or some such. I can always claim you abused what little authority I have given you.
To the Throne Room
Gao's slaving operation found its way to my home several years ago. I was away at the time, but my daughter was there.
Those black-hearted bastards took my daughter, Pinmei. They killed her for resisting them. She was my only child.
I lost her mother when Pinmei was born, but my daughter was something precious in return. The slavers offered no such consolation.
It has been three years since I lost my daughter, and I have spent that time tracking down the men who took her.
I am many things, but broken is not one of them. The past few years have forged my grief into resolve.\n
Consider how our skills complement each other. I can get into places people would prefer I never see and out of places people would prefer I never leave.
There's also my knack for finding things. For instance, I was nosing around and stumbled across this.
Hey! That's the dust inductor I was hiding! The Dragonfly can't fly without it! It was under the floorboards in my workshop last I looked.
Look, I know I've got a bad reputation. But I'm looking to make a clean start. It won't be easy to change, but I'm willing to try.
In my mind, you stand the best chance of facing down Gao's masters. We also have a far greater chance of succeeding together rather than apart.
Next time I hide something, I'm packing explosives around it. Explosives shaped like silver bananas! Stops thieves, monkeys, and monkey thieves in one fell swoop.
He's full of himself, but he's talented enough to be useful. Besides, his solutions seem more practical than others our little group might offer.
I don't know if I trust this man, but we can't afford to turn away potential allies. Not with what lies ahead.
Your companion's ability to judge character is matched only by her beauty. I may not be the most constant of men, but I am true.
If you are planning to take on the servants of Death's Hand, you'll need all the help you can get.
Only if I can watch you as well. Fair is fair, after all.
I have nothing to hide. My motives are plain, and our causes are aligned.\n
I assure you, I will be as devoted and capable as any of your other companions.
Ha! If I could harness all that hot air, I could make a furnace to power the whole of the Imperial City! If you're done with all the talking, I have to go make the Dragonfly ready for some flying.\n
You still here? There's nothing more I can help you with. Can't you just leave an old pirate in peace?
You won't resist me for long!
It must be traveling through the Necropolis now. Go outside and stop it from reaching the fortress. I don't care how you do it.
How would you handle the tasks to arrange Shin's death?
Healing rate increased to 8 Health per second.
Healing rate increased to 12 Health per second.
The witnesses in the Hall of Induction.
The press operator.
The slave shipment.
In Inventory
That's horrible!
Maybe you should take some time to mourn your daughter.
Strref 53462
[Success] I always worry about silver, but I see your point.
[Success] Quick ears, Lucky Cho. Quick enough to catch what you missed at any rate. I will reduce my rate for this one.
Pretend for a moment that he asked you to close the Great Dam. He probably talked about saving the town, but I bet he offered you nothing for your services. I offer more.
I like the way you come right to the point. It shows that you are strong and decisive. I will answer the same way. I do not want you to close the Great Dam.
I am in no danger, for example. With the silver I have, I can buy my way out of this town. Any who failed to plan deserve whatever happens to them.
Wok
If you perform this service for me, I will pay you twenty percent of my profits to date. Rest assured, it's a very substantial sum.
Well, that's a relief. Can't have her going off and trying to rip out my eyes or something every time I go around there. I need those eyes!
Excellent. Now, when you destroy the controls of the Great Dam, you will no doubt come across some vital piece of equipment.
Bring me that vital equipment to prove that the Great Dam is truly stuck in the open position, and I will happily honor my word and pay you in full.
Twenty percent of my profit to date. Remember that.
I appreciate all you have done for me. Is there anything I can do for you?
As I told you before, I sell only one thing, and I doubt you'd like my new prices... especially with the dam in such a state. I'd rather not anger one such as you.
Of course, if you need something else, there are other merchants here to talk to. In that light, is there anything I can do for you?
Greetings. I have heard an interesting rumor. Some claim they saw an explosion atop the Great Dam. Some say the controls of the Dam have been destroyed.
They think that the Great Dam is now stuck open forever. Only you would know. Is this true? And do you have proof?
Ah... a Jade Heart. The Emperor's mages must have imbued this stone with the power to control the Great Dam. The controls will be useless without it!
Here's the reward I promised you.
Now, if you find any more, remember: I'll pay good money for you to put them back down again. So get out there and get some ghosts--er... venerated ancestors, eh-heheh.
Destroy the Great Dam's controls so it can never be closed. When you do, you will surely come across some sort of vital equipment.
Bring me that item as proof, and I will pay you twenty percent of my earnings to date... unlike the beggars of this town who ask you to help them for free.\n
Your answer is straightforward and blunt. As a businessman, I appreciate that. I will be equally blunt. I do not want you to close the Great Dam.
You know, you've done a lot of good here in the Necropolis. You've managed to clear out pretty much all of the really troublesome spirits here.
One spirit didn't stay here at all, though! Took up his body and left! Moved in with his son, I heard, and the son isn't pleased. He even asked me for a refund!
Now that was an expensive burial... I can't give refunds like that! It's bad for business, too, having my customers getting up and walking away. That's where you come in.
I need you to go to the tanner's in the city core and put his father back in his grave, once and for all! It's Tanner Fong. Eh-heh, there'll be an extra big reward for that one.
Crashed flier
Let me see your wares, wineseller.
That area is valuable, what with all the business I've been getting recently, and the graves need to be... uh... inspected as well, so hurry it up.
Ah, that one. He's mad, I tell you. Mad with fear, though of what I have no idea. You'd think he'd be grateful, considering what's gone on here.
He was murdered in an alleyway. Happens a lot in the poorer districts. They eventually caught his murderers and they were beheaded. I know. I put them in the ground myself. Dead as can be.
No Filter
Martial Only
Weapon Only
Transformation Only
Magic Only
Suit yourself, but it's that or we fight... and then of course, you get nothing.
You're here from Shen? This is his mess! He should have buried him properly!
I'm sure the play will be fine without me.
Dirge Gate
I've heard enough.
You successfully found and dealt with all three of the ghosts that were haunting the Necropolis and troubling First Gravedigger Shen.
Bring peace to Miss Chan. She can be found somewhere in the Necropolis. While Shen will reward you individually, he's ultimately tasked you with destroying all three of the ghosts.
Gentle Breezes
Good, good. I'll give you a reward if you just take that wretched old man out of my house so that I never have to see him again!
Look... I'll give you money, yes? Just take that wretched old man out of my house so that I never have to see him again!
He's inside. Just... just get him out of here! This is my house, and he's supposed to stay dead!
However, I have had some trouble attaining parts of late. My previous... associate went on a trip to retrieve valuable parts and never returned.
Arena Creature Pens
Bang Bang Chin
Yituo the Guard
To the Boathouse
Temple Approach
I love living in the Imperial City. There's always something for me and my friends to do.
My mom says the Emperor is a great man for stopping the drought.
I love playing in the city. There's so many places to see.
I wonder if the princess used to play in the streets when she was little.
Painting
Well, look who we have here. There's no Princess to save you this time.
Do you think we'd forget? You can't humiliate us and just walk away.
Don't look at me... I can't do anything right now... not like this.
We'll teach you to insult a guard of the Imperial City!
Bearded tongue grass will make her feel the same, but it's only deadening the pain. It doesn't actually do her any good.
The Imperial City is the greatest. I moved here from the country; I should know.
I saw the Emperor once, but he was really far away, and I couldn't see through the crowd.
My dad says there was a drought here a long time ago, but it's hard to believe. There's water everywhere!
My dad bought me the best toy ever at one of the shops here in the city.
Training Results
Demon Form
Incisive Chorus
This here's a private club. Members only.
Why didn't you say so in the first place? Go on in. They'll unlock the door for you.
Theater Play Script
*cod15*Theater Play Script Description
I'll go see if there's any way to cure her wound.
Prepare yourself for a potential attack while I tend to my fallen student. I will return as soon as I can. We will continue our discussion when the threat is over.
Those who announce their important destiny before they are ready tend to meet unfortunate ends. The wise only seek attention when capable of dealing with it.
The ultimate goal is to prevent Minister Sheng from delivering his report to Judge Fang. How you accomplish that is up to you... and is the true essence of the test.
I was known as Sun Li the Glorious Strategist. I am the brother of Emperor Sun Hai.
I was ashamed. He seized your homeland during the Long Drought. It was an aggressive change in the Empire that would soon bring Death's Hand to power.
Our dead no longer drift to the underworld. They wander lost, going mad. In time they may overwhelm the living. It began when your people were destroyed.
You condemn without knowing all the facts. That is my fault, but I am trying to make up for it as quickly as circumstances allow.
We are on the edge of the Empire, and not all spirits make their presence known. We are not immune, but I kept you isolated. This information could endanger you.
Thank you! I'm afraid that with Dawn Star missing, there won't be much opportunity to train with Smiling Mountain, but I still very much appreciate the gesture.
The sun breaks through the clouds when I hear news like this!
The first assassin found us by accident. The next attack may not be so... unfocused. To fix the world you may threaten the power of some dangerous people.
Heavens! I can already feel it working. That's amazing! Yes, yes, this should be perfect!
I suppose I can't reasonably ask for more than that, can I? Perhaps this union has potential after all.
I'm sure it was for a good reason, Master.
I would like to challenge Kia Min's record.
Why would you do that?
Does it have something to do with the bandit assassin?
You know, I think we should get to know each other a little better... in private.
Myths and legends. Start making sense.
Why haven't I witnessed this?
The poultice must have cost you some silver. Let me repay you! What did it cost?
I'm surprised. It's so effective I would have guessed it cost more. Here, take the silver. I give it happily.
[Failure] Yes, she has a lot to learn. But culture, class, and training will bring even this ornery dog to the heel.
Bring me to a heel? How about I bury the heel of my boot into that soft skull of your swollen head, you arrogant pig!
I'm not Kang the Stupid. Eventually Gao is going to see me as more nuisance than asset. Plus he took my Amber Mosquitoes and ruined them through duplication.
Tomb of the Dignified Collector
The Outlander refuses to leave the Scholars' Garden, south of the Imperial City's Golden Way district.
The Minister of Culture, impressed with your willingness to stand up for yourself, has asked you to help deal with an Outlander. A pompous buffoon, this foreigner has made a habit of insulting your culture.
Ah, well, you are more than welcome. However, I must attend to the students. Enjoy your stay.
I need to speak to Ai Ling about Bei.
Fine. I'm going.
You needed something, fortuitinate one?
Yes. I need to speak with you in private. It seems Warrior Zhang has decided to... retire.
I'm finished here. If you're here to fight, do what they tell you.
Did the glint of silver get in your eye?
I think we should discuss my payment first.
[Intuition] Remember, your friend's freedom is at stake.
[Intimidation] Give me some silver or I'm leaving!
Forget it then. I'm leaving.
Perhaps this will teach you a lesson about pestering your betters, worm!
Silk Fox is a princess... *the* Princess. Strange happenings indeed. Why would a princess want to run about looking like... that?
Excellent, I am most pleased. The prefect of Shangdang county will be glad to hear he has an escort. His ships have taken a heavy toll lately.
There are many raiders between here and the prefect's home, and his ship is intended more for... luxury and less for war.
Um... well, you see, I have friends! I can get things done!
I just have to get them to listen to me.
The nobleman was buried in one of the larger tower-tombs closer to the entrance. I tried to enter, but....
Haven't you dealt with my father yet?
Die? Oh.. uh... old age and all that. He was quite an old fellow... may his memory be preserved. But he was quite senile by the end, yammering on.
Bell Tower
Hm... Hey, you could help me convince them! I could give you a good reward!
There wouldn't be a problem if they hadn't tried to bury me in the first place!
But I see where this is going. You're planning to just make me leave, is that it? Or... or something a little more permanent?
Uh... No need to be so hasty about that.
Uh... no. No. No need to get hasty on that. I never said all my problems would be solved.
I... um... I could make it worth your while to see that this gets sorted out in my favor.
Well, uh... yeah, but once we get it back from him, I'll make sure you get a good reward!
Well... I could offer you more.
Say... a couple hundred silver? Enough to live comfortably for quite some time.
Good, good. Now let's go set that young upstart straight!
[Success] Well... I suppose I need your help. Take this. It's... it's all I have.
[Failure] I don't have any more to give. You can't take what I don't have. I've made my offer.
You're dead, you just don't know it.
I'm here to put you back in the ground, spirit.
I don't really care about you or your son. I'm being paid.
Wait. Are you saying you're not dead?
Why would your son try to bury you alive?
Really? How? Everyone says you're dead.
I'm here to make sure you're not a problem to them anymore.
I think it would be easier for everyone if you really were dead.
So, you're saying that if you were dead for real, there wouldn't be any more problems.
But your son already took everything.
Your son already promised me money to get rid of you.
Agreed. Let's go talk to your son.
How much are we talking here?
Sure, I'll take it.
[Intimidation] No, give me more.
No, I think it's simpler if you just die.
I need someone brave, someone who is a capable pilot. The missions I have are dangerous, but the rewards are worth it.
I will pay you good silver, and I can sell you parts for your flyer... to make it better.
What? Make it better! This is the finest ship of it's kind... I should know... I made it. You're just a fix-it man... what would do you know about ships?
I have been working on flyers since they first started appearing in the Empire. I take these rickety contraptions and make them into something amazing!
Rickety? There has never been a flyer more solid than the Marvelous Dragonfly! Rickety... your wits are the only thing rickety around here!
What? The Marvelous Dragonfly is... why do I bother? You obviously have no grasp of such things.
As you say. All the more reason to work with me. If your flyer is truly that good, you'll have no problems. Very few at least.
I have some supplies in the north provinces that I need to pick up immediately. We've had trouble with bandits up there, so it might be tricky.
If you could bring me those supplies, I'd have the parts necessary to upgrade your flyer. What do you say?
Very good! Here's your wind map; it'll show you where to go. I'll also pay extra if you get rid of those bandits plaguing the area.
Very impressive. Your win over Third Brother was... unexpected, to say the least. I doubt I can offer you a better challenge, but I won't decline if you ask me to fight.
But... I see. Well, if you change your mind, I will be here. I have nothing else to do in the meantime. Goodbye.
Select Area
MAX
In the end, I think it was probably best he passed on, but not now that he's come back! And he's... uh... brought his body back with him. Damn ghosts.
We have tried so hard to find a way to end the fox's attacks. She must be stopped! We thought we were close, but no.
Two people cannot move as quickly as one. This path is dangerous, but he was willing to brave it.
He may have seemed... simple to you, but he was a brave soul. He ran in the hopes of bringing us food and help, of course.
We are... not like her, and thus she hates us. There is no reason to a mad fox, no reason you would understand.
Perhaps the ghosts have driven her mad, or maybe it is her rage that changed the trees. The only way to be sure is to stop her.
One of us here in the inn overheard the hunter and the big man, who are now at the Forest Shadow's temple.
As you drew closer to the town, the source of the black pall of smoke was apparent. Two Rivers, your home since birth, burned with an unnatural intensity.
It's good to see that you're back safely, Min.
The ghosts rage and hunger for release, and such things are rich sustenance to the Mother.\n
As her strength grew, the trees changed to reflect her glory, as did we!
Look, I don't have time to answer any questions with that... that ghost wandering about my house, claiming he's still alive!
Just... just make him go away! I don't care how you do it!
Have you dealt with my father yet?
Good. Good! I'm sure we can arrange some suitable form of compensation.
Here we go.
Now remember: He was just another ghost. You did him a huge favor in pushing him on to his proper place in the afterlife.
Since its perfectly all right, and you only did what you had to, there's no need to mention this to anyone.\n
Private family matter, you understand.
Now, I have things to... attend to. I must go quickly... for mourning, you understand.
Have you changed your mind? My offer still stands. I will happily upgrade your flyer if you accept my mission. Do you want to retrieve the supplies for me?
What are you doing with HIM? You were supposed to get rid of him!
What the hell do we need to talk about? He's dead, and you're supposed to get rid of him!
I'm not dead! You just convinced everyone I was so you could steal the business and my money!
He was as good as dead anyway! Look at him! The old fart doesn't have more than a year or two left, anyway!
Hey!
Look, this doesn't have to end badly. It could work out very well for you, in fact.
Just make him... disappear, and I'll reward you well. Nobody needs their *deceased* relatives coming back and making trouble for the living, now do they?
So what if I did! He never cared about us, anyway! All he was interested in was his business... a business I should have inherited years ago!
You ungrateful wretch! I raised you from when you were a snot-nosed child and this is the gratitude I get?
I'm not leaving until I get my life back!
How could you do this to me? I'm your father, dammit!
Because you never loved me! It was always you and your business! Now you're getting yours, you old bastard!
I... I don't know what to say. How could you think that? Since your mother passed away, you were all I had.
[Success] I never thought... Oh, I've been so wrong to ignore you. How could I have neglected you like that?
Father....
I'm sorry, my son. I should never have neglected you all these years. When your mother passed away, I... I just didn't know what to do.
I hid my own feelings away in my anger and despair. I only wish I had had the eyes to see what it did to you.
We've both been so wrong, father.
Indeed we have, and if it weren't for this stranger, this would all have likely ended in tragedy.
Here is the money I promised. I shall not need the task to be carried out any longer.
As a token of our gratitude, my son will gladly pay you the money I had promised you.
Ah, yes, of course. My son will gladly pay you the money I promised.
Yes, of course. Here it is.
Of course. Here is the money I promised you. Needless to say, you won't need to carry out your task.
Thank you for showing us the errors of our ways, stranger. May the heavens shine upon your journeys in the future.
[Success] He... He... Oh father, how could I have ever done this to you?
No... you are right to hate me. I have been a poor father.
Wha... No!
I want him gone. I don't care how you do it.
Offered you... But he has no money! He's a broke, poor beggar now! I own everything!
Only because you convinced everyone I was dead!
Grr... Fine! I'll double what he's paying you if you just get rid of him! I don't care how!
Ah... good. A little... messier than I had hoped for, but... as long as no one sees the blood, no one's suspicions should be raised.
Now, I have to dispose of his body. I'll get Shen to come by later and pick it up.
Here is your money. I can't have you seen around here anymore, so please leave.
Are you Tanner Fong?
What old man are you talking about?
Gravedigger Shen told me about him.
I'll deal with him for you.
You've returned. Have you reconsidered? Would you like to hear my proposal now?
This isn't my problem.
You have returned, and in one piece, I see.
You mean the dead Tanner Fong? Yeah, I'm here for him.
Not only did you retrieve my supplies, but you made quite a dent in those bandits. For that, I'll gladly pay you extra.
I haven't seen him yet.
How did your father die?
I'd like to ask you some questions.
I'll get on that right away.
Not bad, you brought back the supplies and you took out a few bandits on your way. You can have a little bit extra for that.
I made sure he'll stay down for good.
Well, the bandits seemed to have their way with you, but at least you brought back the supplies. Here's your payment.
He's gone to his rest now.
He's dead. Where's my money?
I think you two need to talk.
You buried him alive!
He's not dead. You tried to kill him.
Come on, Elder Fong, we're leaving.
Then you two have to work it out yourselves.
[Intuition] Elder Fong, maybe you should have talked to your son more.
You two should put the past behind you.
So now that you've made up, I'm still going to get paid, right?
This is melodrama... I prefer tragedy. Die!
[Intuition] Younger Fong, he was just trying to support you.
Oh no... I see where this is going, and I'm going to have to kill both of you to stop it.
We're going. *Now*.
Then I guess you'll have to lose it.
So, you're asking me to kill him for real.
You two have to figure this out for yourselves.
Then I guess Elder Fong has to die.
He's offered me more than you did.
No, you two have to work this out yourselves.
I guess that gives you one dead old man.
There were some great flyer parts among those supplies. Would you like to have a look at them? Or, if you'd prefer, I could tell you about another mission I have for you.
Are you ready yet? The more I think about the information you found, the more I need answers straight from my father.
Well, we meet again. I've watched your progress. It seems I underestimated you in Tien's Landing.
I have no doubt that you will make as much of an impact on the Imperial City.
I understand. Our last meeting was under... interesting circumstances. You may address me as Princess Lian the Heavenly Lily.
It is, as you can see, customary to bow in my presence.
Hmm... somehow I did not expect you to kowtow so quickly. Or maybe I just hoped you wouldn't. I get so tired of fawning servants.
That is why I often travel without official escort, and occasionally present myself as someone less... bridled by the rules of the court.
You understand why I don't go into detail here in the street, don't you? With what I have to tell you, I don't want to lose that option of disguise.
That would be best. I trust the servants I keep, but this is best discussed away from the open street.
I will not speak the location aloud. Take this note. We will meet nearby, but I must have a moment to acquire... more fitting attire.
Very well. We will continue speaking later. I'm sure we both have questions that need answering.
I'm certain that my entourage would prefer that this take place in private. Your gruff nature is a bit too much for them.
Don't be too long. My message concerns your master, and time is very important.
I have no doubt. I have questions for you as well. Hopefully, we will both be able to find the answers we need.
That is quite enough. We will continue this at a later time. We both have questions that we will need answered.
Not here. I trust my personal assistants to keep their tongues, but this matter is best discussed in private.
The whims of a member of the Imperial Court are not your concern. There are more important things that we need to discuss in private.
Your explanation lies in the simple bow you have given. Everyone around me kowtows low, obeying my whims. Honest opinion is rare.
I think you are a little too bold for your own good, but I suppose it is my fault. I go out of my way to avoid fawning servants.
No guise, I assure you. You have the honor of addressing Princess Lian the Heavenly Lily.
You claim great familiarity by calling me by my childhood nickname. All who know me here address me as Princess Lian the Heavenly Lily.
You've already taken the arena by storm. I should have known you were destined to make a name for yourself in the Imperial City.
With your entrance into the arena fights, I have no doubt that you will be quite a sensation here in the Imperial City.
I didn't expect you and your strange training to make it to the Imperial City. You are proving to be a very interesting person.
Of course, I could tell that just by looking at you. You have a... very strong presence.
As the Heavenly Lily I am above suspicion, but I am restrained by fawning servants. Silk Fox can go anywhere, and people are not shy about their reactions.
There is a thrill, of course. And it allows me to find information useful to us both. Death's Hand brought your Master Li to the palace a few days ago. I saw the flyer.
I can't believe you are going to kill the Forest Shadow. Do you have *any* idea how much work that will cause? There's not enough paper in the universe to cover that incident!
He was bound in chains. He must be powerful, but I still don't believe he is Sun Li the Glorious Strategist.
Sun Li died twenty years ago. Everyone was told that he and Prince Kin, the third brother, fell defending the Empire. Now it seems they may have been traitors.
I discovered this looking through records for information on Death's Hand. Perhaps he tried to influence Sun Li and Sun Kin before corrupting my father.
I could take you to the palace right now, but it would do no good. Death's Hand controls what my father hears. He must be discredited for you to succeed.
But... your words will fall on deaf ears unless Death's Hand is first discredited. Until then, entering the palace would just endanger you with no hope of success.
Death's Hand has almost total control over my father. We must find conclusive evidence of his crimes and reveal his corruption. And I know how.
Construction on the Wall has stopped for the first time in generations. The workers now toil in factories, building powerful creatures of stone and clay called golems.
Death's Hand could use these automatons to seize the Empire, and my father is oblivious. We must infiltrate the Lotus Assassins and find evidence of this treachery.
My father may have approved the factory without considering what it could be used for. If we just tell him my suspicions, he will dismiss them.
We need proof of Death's Hand's intent from the seat of his power, the Lotus Assassin fortress. It would be impossible to assault, so just walk in. They are recruiting.
Have any Lotus Assassins who saw your face lived to report back? I doubt it. They will not recognize you as the person who fought them in Tien's Landing.
They have a vague description full of guesswork that has guards holding people at random. Besides, they expect an attack, not someone trying to catch their eye.
I would wager that you may profit from their tasks, too. Can you see the beauty in using their own methods of recruitment to fight them? I think they deserve it.
There are guilds within the Lotus Assassins. Executioners look for fearsome warriors. Inquisitors are more subversive, and they look for cunning in their agents.
You have already proven yourself in the arena. My people will spread rumors of your interest. Return to the arena, and you will be approached by the Executioner.
If you prove yourself in the arena, they will notice you. My people can spread rumors of your interest. The Executioner will take a real interest when you finish the Silver Round.
Or, if you prefer, the Inquisitor recruiter is also seeking new people. He might be open to persuasion.
Death's Hand rules over the Lotus Assassins, so I take special interest in their activities. I've had most of my life to ask questions.
You suspect my motives? You have no reason to doubt me. If I wanted the Lotus Assassins to find you, I could simply tell them your name.
Yes, my people will spread rumors of your interest and the Executioner will seek you out. I'm sure he will find you as impressive as I do.
Or, if you prefer, court the Inquisitor. Ask Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden about him. I hear Dongow is closer to the assassins than he should be.
Ask Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden about him. Dongow is closer to the assassins than he should be. He will tell you where to meet the Inquisitor.\n
Or seek the Executioner. My people will spread rumors of your interest, and he will approach you in the arena. They like fighters who have passed the Silver Round.
Unless you want me with you, I will wait at your flying machine. You travel with such interesting peasants. I'm sure I'll be entertained for hours.
As I said, I've had many years to examine how they work. You have no reason not to trust me.
Well, that brings an end to our pursuit of two fiends. A shame I don't have more work for someone with your skills.
Take advantage of the fact that they don't know you as a threat! They won't know anything is wrong until you storm their lair!
You have already done half the work. Your performance in the arena is more than enough to catch their eyes... if you know who to talk to.
The Wall was started by the first emperor, Sagacious Tien, as protection against the Horselords. The Empire has long since grown past its boundaries.
It is now more a spiritual monument instead of a physical barrier. Every emperor has added to it. It is a legacy that has lasted millennia.
Prisoners of the Empire. Hard labor reforms them, and contributing to a legacy gives them purpose. Many respected citizens once worked on the Wall.
A wise decision. His hold over my father is nearly absolute, but if we could show conclusive evidence of his crimes, my father would have to listen. I know how.
The palace is protected by the Wall, which is guarded by whole garrisons. Not even birds pass over. Dragon powder turrets are manned night and day.
I'm sorry, but the palace is fortified beyond reason, and only the official seal of the court allows passage within. You need me, and I need you.
I was too young to know him. I was told that he and Prince Kin, the third brother, fell defending the Empire twenty years ago. Now it seems they may have been traitors.
He was bound in chains. He must be powerful... or you are. There was something familiar about him, as well.
Why would you say that? Is that what he told you? I'm sorry, but I simply cannot believe that your Master Li is the Glorious Strategist.
I told you back in Tien's Landing that the Emperor, my father, is not an evil man. Death's Hand has corrupted our court, and you will help me prove it.
I am worth trusting. With my influence, you can enter the palace and confront my father directly about Master Li, this destiny of yours, or whatever you want.
No one has compassion for the troubles of a princess. I am restrained by fawning servants, but as Silk Fox I can go anywhere, and no one hides their true intentions.
I should have seen it coming. I suspect that we share a similar strength.
Why haven't I seen any activity among the Lotus Assassins yet? You should talk to the contacts I gave you.
Remember our arrangement? You secure the evidence of the army Death's Hand is building, and I'll get you to the palace to confront my father.
I'm sure you are, but if you did it quicker, we would all benefit. Death's Hand grows stronger, and my father grows weaker.
I can't agree with this. You don't know what you are getting into. You don't know the danger they represent.
Really? What did you see while hiding in your swamp? I've observed Death's Hand for years, both in the palace and elsewhere.
You could have four faces and a different name and wardrobe for each, and you still wouldn't understand. Death's Hand is not what he seems.
Then what, pray tell, is he?
I... don't know, but his power does not come from study or skill. He is something darker, and we should not be trying to enter his lair.
It sounds like Sagacious Zu wants to go back into hiding. Or perhaps the nursery. Pay no attention. Not everyone is as weak as he is.
You don't know what they are capable of.
The matter is settled. Go sulk in the corner like you're accustomed to doing.
This is not helping anything. Are we any closer to getting to the Lotus Assassins so this accursed woman will help us find Master Li?
Oh, she spits fire at last. Now I see how the child left her little village; she has some spirit in her after all.
And she's also right. We are no closer to finding the secret plans that Death's Hand has been making. You have to move quicker.
Go to the Imperial Arena to meet the Executioner, or speak with Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden about the Inquisitor.
And, surprisingly, she's right. You've made contact with the Lotus Assassins, but haven't shown them why they need to fully accept you.
The Inquisitor has a task for you to prove your worth. Get to it, and show him why you should be recruited.
You could also seek out the Executioner in the arena. He would be interested in your skill as a combatant.
The Executioner wants to see you excel in the arena. Progress far enough, and he will gladly recommend that you be recruited.
And the Inquisitor has a task for you, as well. Appeasing one or the other will be enough for our purposes. The path is yours to choose.
We've gone over this. Death's Hand is using the prisoners who should be working on the Wall to construct some sort of personal army of golems.
My father probably knows something, but not the true danger of it. I need to show that Death's Hand intends to seize control.
The Lotus Assassins act for Death's Hand. There has to be proof of his evil intent in the Lotus Assassin fortress. That is where you need to go.
I will answer what I can, but you have other things to do, as well.
Your progress is admirable, but don't become too close to the Lotus Assassins. Their power is seductive. That is how Death's Hand gained influence over my father.
I don't understand. You have gained the favor of the Lotus Assassins with a fair amount of ease. What else is there to speak of?
My father? What do you want to know that isn't already public knowledge? Emperor Sun Hai is well known and well loved.
Death's Hand is wearing away at that reputation, however, and I need to stop him before it goes to far.\n
He has been present for as long as I can remember, but he only rose to prominence after the end of the Long Drought.
My father was very caring when I was a child. Now he is cold and distant. I know Death's Hand is corrupting him somehow.
I wish you luck. Once you have gained the trust of the Lotus Assassins, we will plan how to proceed.
If you prefer, you could still seek out the Inquisitor by speaking with Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden.
But she doesn't need to worry. You've already gained the recommendation of the Lotus Assassin Inquisitor.
You could also go to the arena and seek the favor of the Executioner, but it isn't necessary now. A path to the Lotus Assassin fortress is open.
But I'm sure you can appease her. You've already gained the recommendation of the Lotus Assassin Executioner.
It would still be good to get some information first. Sagacious Zu might know something. We should ask him.
Where... where is he?
Well, you should be more careful of who you trust.
That is true. I wouldn't trust any of the ragged homeless you have collected.
No offense meant to those of you who are actually homeless, Dawn Star.
If Sagacious Zu has gone to warn the Lotus Assassins, you need to move quick. If he's just run off, he is no longer our concern.
Zu would not turn on us.
The Lotus Assassin fortress is in the far end of the Necropolis. They shouldn't give you any trouble. Just appear confident as you enter.
Everything is in place. I'll have my evidence against Death's Hand soon enough. Oh, and you'll have access to your Master Li as well.
How generous of you.
No, don't waste your time. If he's gone to warn the Lotus Assassins, you need to move quickly. If he's just run off, he doesn't matter.
If that's the case, he doesn't matter, but if he's gone to warn the Lotus Assassins, you need to move quickly.
You don't want too much fuss. You'll only bring the place down on yourself.
Sagacious Zu has knowledge of the inside. At least he seems to.
Oh, you're fun when you're forceful. Still, you should at least get some information about the place.
Thank you for listening, but I want more than caution. Neither of you understand what they are capable of.
You aren't doing much to add to our understanding. Go sulk in the corner, like you're accustomed to doing.
Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden will alert him to your interest. Return to your base at the flyer after you have spoken with him.
Keep your voice down! My name is Silk Fox. I'll have a hard time helping you if my travels outside the palace become known.
And your flippant attitude has to change. Death's Hand grows stronger with each moment you hesitate.\n
Hello again. I enjoy our little chats, but I don't think anything has changed since we last spoke. I still need evidence against Death's Hand to free my father.
Meet the Executioner in the arena, or speak with Scholar Dongow in the Scholars' Garden about the Inquisitor. Hurry or you'll lose your chance to help your master.
Well, it looks like your contact with the Lotus Assassins will be bad for your reputation but good for our goal.
You spoke with both of their agents, I believe. I like that you explore all the options before making up your mind.
Yes? I appreciate the attention, but you have things to do. You've made arrangements to gain the trust of the Lotus Assassins but haven't followed through.
So, things are looking up. You've gained the favor of the Lotus Assassins.
And you've made doubly certain of it by aiding both the Executioner and Inquisitor. Very impressive. The way to the Lotus Assassin fortress is open.
With the recommendation of the Inquisitor, the others will welcome you as a recruit. You can slip into the very heart of their lair.
With the recommendation of the Executioner, the others will welcome you as a recruit. You can slip into the very heart of their lair.
You must go to the Lotus Assassin fortress like we agreed. Find the evidence against Death's Hand and I will help you rescue Master Li.
Forgive me, but I am not sure how to address you.
Of course. Forgive me, Princess.
Of course, Princess Lian. Should we talk elsewhere?
Of course, Princess. At your convenience.
My apologies, Princess.
Don't blame them for the pampering you demand.
I have many questions for you.
A rendezvous with the princess! Such a scandal!
What information do you have for me?
Bah! You just like getting your hands dirty with commoners.
A common greeting, but I require an explanation.\n
I don't bow, and I don't know you as a princess.
An interesting guise. By what name should I refer to you?
Silk Fox! I could have used your help getting here!
You've changed again, Princess. Who are you now?
It doesn't matter what you believe. I know it, and that's enough.
I must get to the palace. What do I need to do?
I've been fighting the Lotus Assassins. How can I infiltrate them?
A golem factory like you describe can't be small. What if we just identified it?
I've fought a number of them. I would be spotted.
How can this be done?
You know a lot about the Lotus Assassins. Why?
I will go see what I can learn in the Imperial Arena.
I'll ask around in the arena. I've already proven myself there.
Perhaps I will see if this Inquisitor is reasonable.
As I said, she confined them to the poor districts. She would have been impossible to catch in that rat's nest. More frankly, there isn't enough money to make it worth my effort.
I'm not interested in joining my enemy!
Get on with your plan. Let's see just how ridiculous it is.
Why would my arena victories help?
That's ridiculous! You want me to just ask to join?
Tell me about the Wall.
Who does the work?
Destroying Death's Hand is also a priority for me.
If you won't help me now, I'll find my own way to the palace.\n
Tell me what must be done.
You didn't recognize him as family?
They rightfully fear him. He is Sun Li the Glorious Strategist.
He is familiar because you are related. He is Sun Li.
It's all your father can do to restrain him.
You have to get me into the palace.
I don't have time for your games. I have to rescue Master Li.
You will have to prove your loyalty to me.
You know nothing of strength. You are a pretender.
What do I call you? Silk Fox or Princess Sun Lian?
I'm looking into it.
Sagacious Zu will do what I say when the time comes.
I want to ask more about this evidence that you want.
I want to talk about you. Why has your servant given me a gift?
I want to go back to my other questions.
I want to talk to you about the Emperor.
When did Death's Hand join your father's court?
What was your father like before this began?
If I did that, none of you would be here.
We'll have to hunt him down!
He's harmless. An old coward.
Quiet, Silk Fox. He is right to advise caution.
I'll do what I must regardless of you both.
I will look into what the Inquisitor wants.
I will see what the Executioner wants.
On my own time, Princess.
[Success] Yes... master needs my muscle. How else will he get second ox in bath?
Dutong fled after you exposed his lies about the Imperial Writ. Now you just need to let Old Mother Kwan know the teahouse is hers again.
*cod7**cod9**cod8*/*cod7**cod10**cod8* Synergies Discovered
Favorite Harmonic Combo
Prefect Jitong
Betrayer
Scholar Songtao
Chandler Ling
Zi Bao
Cao Zeng
Koon Kang
You'd think he'd be grateful with them dead and gone. But up he comes the very next day, screaming his head off. He's driving the customers away.
[Failure] Zhong *is* bad. Zhong not want to hurt other ox.
Master Radiant's Room
It is true! You have come! Because of my failure against the Lotus Assassins, I did not think to test you! I waited so long, only to endanger my task over petty pride.
Make your way south across the bridge and on to Tien's Landing.
Now hold on here! I deigned to this meeting because I am, by nature, an accommodating gentleman. But I refuse to allow myself to be belittled by you and this... this....
What's the matter? Can't find some fancy-pants word to make you feel like a big man?
Thug! Rogue! Ruffian! Strumpet! Harlot!
One more word--just one--and my boys might take exception. It'll be fun to see how many different words we can come up with for *cod6*pain.*cod6*
Jia
ERROR: CANNOT USE FUNCTIONS TO AUTODEFINE GLOBAL VARIABLES
Captain, this woman is here on a personal matter of mine that does not concern you. Do I make myself clear?
Of course. You can count on me.
If any pirates come by and try to take my barge, I'll show 'em how well I use my paddle. Good luck to you in there, and if you need to leave in a hurry, just come running.
So many of the pages from this tome are missing that it's impossible to tell what purpose it served, or what mysteries it held, when it was complete.
I'll stay here with the flyer. I'll keep her warm so she'll be ready when you want to fly us back to town.
But you need my help. The Dragonfly is truly marvelous... but I am sure you're going to take her into combat. She'll be injured, and you'll need someone to fix her.
Your friend there can't do it. You can't do it. Only I can fix her, and only I can figure out ways to upgrade her.
And I'm glad to be here, so I can work on my... I mean, your Dragonfly. Should we go now?
Oh, I will! I promise. I just want to take care of my... I mean your Marvelous Dragonfly.
You have good fists for the hitting, but your eyes are not so good at the judging. I'm no ally of Gao or his pirates. I'm just more forced labor.
Do I build flyers? Do I build flyers? Er, yes, have you heard differently? Fantastical things, but misused by Gao and his cohorts. I have saved the best for myself.
If you stage a combat-related accident for Gao, like falling down a flight of punches, I'll replace the inductor on the Dragonfly and we can fly away! What do you say?
And once I've seen her in action, I might even think up ways to improve her. So you really need me along. It's best for you.
You're still here... alive... and not in chains. I may have hitched myself to a winner. But Gao the Greater is still here, too. Give him a whack, and I can help you fly.
Questions are good. It means the wheels are turning. But make it quick; I never let asking get in the way of doing.
Is she one of the slaves? The slave breaker led a girl through this morning. I did not hear her name, but no one else has been brought by.
Did I not mention how I dislike repeating myself? Never mind, I will explain it again. First, you must bring me with you if you intend to use the style.
I will throw you bottles of wine, which you must pick up. The effect will wear off, so you must keep picking up the bottles... and remember to keep me safe!
Oh, it's a long story.. from what I remember. Some experiments went wrong in my old workshop... explosions... a few estates burned down. Some other things happened.
Gao bribed some officials just as I was about to be quartered by five horses. Or would that be *cod6*quinted?*cod6* Regardless, he brought me here to work for him.
Yes, I suppose so, but if you don't mind, I'll stay with the Marvelous Dragonfly, which I have pledged to you. I won't let it fall into disrepair while you zip about the Empire.
Sure, he rescued me, but only to acquire my inventions and misuse them. You don't send dozens of flyers against pitiful villages. There's no elegance to a swarm.
Just like you don't use explosives inspired by the Great Dragon to carve a treasure chamber. A menial use of power without even a decent crater to show for it.
No, no, but if I offer advice, you should at least consider it. Gao ignores guidance. Listen to me, and I'll keep the Marvelous Dragonfly the best flyer in the air!
Just next to the launch room. I don't know how you get in or out, because it is, after all, behind a massive immobile door.
Absolutely. After Gao the Greater is *cod6*retired,*cod6* you'll have the use of my Dragonfly, and I'll come along to keep her repaired... and maybe make a change or two.
Master Li? No, I don't think so. I'm not so good with names. Or faces. Dates are bad, too. But I remember my own handiwork. Several older flyers stopped here briefly.
They were full of Lotus Assassins, and one *big* Assassin in black armor who seemed to be in charge. Very big. Unpleasant look on his mask.
They had a prisoner with them, or so I heard, and they all seemed nervous about it. The flyers left for the Imperial City soon after. Does that help?
Oh, I would like to put something explody in his food, just to see if it would make him blink, because that one has dead eyes. Like he is missing something.
Sometimes he is here. Sometimes he is not. I don't know right now which is true. But I know he is dangerous. Very dangerous.
I will restate and reiterate as necessary, but I would like to get back to my tools.
Yes, goodbye. Go and leave me to think.
I no longer need that trinket, but that apparently does not stop its misuse.
I don't want your help.
Very well. Glad to have you.
Fine. Just remember who is in charge!
I learned much about the choices I will have. She has placed a great deal of trust in me.
Keep your distance, I don't trust anyone here!
You build flyers?
I have some questions.
Have you seen a young woman named Fuyao?
The effect wears off quickly, but I will make sure you don't run out of wine, as long as you keep the enemies off of me. Now... watch my technique.
Were you drunk when I told you last time? [sigh] If you wish to use Drunken Master, bring me with you. I will throw you bottles of wine, which you must pick up.
The effect of the wine wears off, but I will keep a continuous supply of wine flowing, as long as you keep the enemies away from me.
How did you come to be here?
When I am done here, you will be free.
Gao rescued you, but you want me to kill him?
If I use your inventions wrong, you'll turn on me?
You mentioned Gao's treasure chamber?
And now you'll make things for me.
Have you seen an old man named Master Li?
What do you know about Assassin Lim?
I have other questions.
In my years in this Empire I have been a wanted criminal, a bandit, a murderer, and worse.
Defend the Culture of the Jade Empire
The Outlander seems convinced that your culture is lacking. It falls to you to prove him wrong.
It's easy to see why the Minister of Culture wants the Outlander removed from the Scholars' Garden. The man refuses to leave, and he seems determined to *cod6*reform*cod6* your culture, even if it takes him an eternity.
Prepare for the Debate
Each of the judges reacts to a particular type of debate. If you can identify what type of argument will sway their mood, you may be able to end the debate quickly. When you are ready to begin, speak to the Outlander again.
In an effort to remove him from the Scholars' Garden, you have challenged the Outlander to a debate. Five notables from the Scholars' Garden will judge your arguments.
Won debate
You have countered the arguments of the Outlander through careful debate, but it will take more than skilled debate to remove him from the Scholars' Garden. He has challenged you to personal combat.
Lost Debate
Your debating skills were not strong enough to shut down the Outlander's arguments. Perhaps a display of martial skill will change his mind about remaining in the Scholars' Garden.
Face the Outlander in Single Combat
Speak to the Outlander when you are ready to challenge him.
What do you want? Do I know you?
Really? Lots of people know me... so what?
Really? I doubt you know anyone who would interest me in the least.
You'd better have the muscle to back that up, or you'll be lying in your own blood soon enough!
I could make her an outfit that would disguise her as a bird... a big bird, mind you... but it might look less suspicious.
Those Assassins will be tougher than Gao's men. Be careful, I need you to do more test flights with my Marvelous Dragonfly.
Leave me alone! I have nothing to say to you, so why don't you just keep moving.
[Success] Yes... yes that is. More than I'd see in month.
A lot of what we're doing here reminds me of my marriage. I'll tell you about it someday, if you have time.
Yes, yes... what can I do for you? Busy busy. No time for chatty chatty.
I've given some thought to the strange device that I was inspired to construct. I'm not sure what purpose it has yet, but it appears to be working... I think.
Just a few tweaks... hmm... tight fit... not sure how that will affect things. What's that... hmph... don't remember seeing that before. Just get this last....
Suc 1
Style Description
There we go. It's ready. Now we can finally find out just what it does. After I name it, of course. Nothing works right until you name it. How about... the Confoundable Minutia?
What! Impossible... I fixed it... I checked everything... it should work. Unless... no, I did that....
Go away. I don't want any.
This is my spot and I'm not moving. Go get your own place.
Leave me alone.
Go find someone else to bother.
No, but I know you, Zi Bao.
It's who I know that matters.
Watch your tongue, Zi Bao, or I'll cut it out.
[Lie] Ling told me you'd take me to see the slave traders.
I need you to take me to see the slave traders.
Take me to see the slave traders or I'll have you arrested.
[Charm] How about 1,000 silver? That's a lot of money, Zi Bao.
Return to Style List
The moment I saw you, I knew you were the fearless sort. I hoped you would offer to help. It shames me to need the help of a stranger.
Shining Tusk
The village of Two Rivers has been destroyed, and all who lived there are dead. The bandits behind the attack may have intended to kill you as well. How will you respond to this threat? Options have been presented to persuade local officials to join your cause, challenge the group openly, or infiltrate them on your own.
The Lonely Road
You have followed a trail of corrupt officials to the Golden Delta province, looking for the person that arranged the attack on your village. If you can identify him, you have the power to exact justice. He does appear to have a deep purse, however, and the option of seeking a profit from this tragedy is there if you wish.
The Road Divided
Someone has dared to circumvent the Emperor's rule. Working with a string of evil officials, they have corrupted the heart of the Empire. Reveal these traitors and determine where the true danger lies.
Revelations
Lord Lao has promised to teach you a martial style known only to the Brothers of the Northern Wind. He has asked that you find his six lost huntsmen and retrieve the pieces of his ceremonial blade broken in the Borderland Peasant Uprising. You have discovered that you may not need Lord Lao to retrieve his blade. You will have to decide if such a prize is worth betraying this trusting master.
Lord Lao's Missing Legion
The Black Whirlwind is the last member of the legion unaccounted for. Investigate the tales of a giant drunken warthog with axes for hands terrorizing travelers in the south. That was his mother's pet name for him.
That was an impressive display, acolyte. I have never seen Shin's Attendants so handily dismissed.
Dirge belongs to the master I serve. His strength grows; he feeds on the taint of this place. And when he is ready, he will unleash us on the mortal world!
Very good, acolyte, my faith in you was not misplaced. I will take that... mishap with the suspended golem as a reminder that I must always adequately reward you.
Mini-game: Hit Percentage: *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Mini-game: Success Percentage: *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Mini-game: High Score: *cod7**cod9**cod8*
Find a Man for Ai Ling
Find an eligible bachelor in town and convince him to meet with Ai Ling.
Suc 2
Eh, hello. I suppose the Marvelous Dragonfly is ready. We don't have to worry about landing too many more times.
Just make sure you are done talking to everyone. I lost the interior baffling, so you won't be able to hear a thing once we are in the air.
Oh, I think they know you are ready. Every eye is on you, across the whole Empire, I think.
We'll have to see if you are worthy of that gaze, hmm? All right, everyone in!
Oh no, I tend to confuse things. Yes, I know I do. This is too important for my mutterings.
Er, besides, the decisions that are coming... they are beyond me. You are deciding the fate of an empire.
My mistakes result in the occasional crater. How big a hole might you be digging, hmm?
Ah, whatever you wish. It's just a few more minutes of bolt-tightening to me.
Ho ho! Heh.
Well, here we are. I'd hoped I wouldn't have to use this entrance again.
Keep any pets properly collared. We wouldn't want anyone wandering off.
You promised to close the dam so I could take my ship and my men and leave this place. Don't you remember?
Master Lotus Assassin, have pity on us.
Who made the extractor?
[The air is noticeably colder near the extractor. The machine is motionless, as if waiting silently for the next victim or corpse to be placed within.]
[The handle is worn smooth from use. Zu said to descend to the lowest mine to learn how to use the machine to create a shard that disrupts the Lotus Assassin plan.]
My style is ineffective.
I will show you!
I'm sure you could beat me black and blue, but I'm so drunk, I'll barely feel it. Anyway, I promised the town I'd close the dam. Gotta show 'em I'm not some useless drunk!\n
(Sigh) I guess this means I don't have any real reason not to take you to the pirates now. I said I'd take you, and I'm a man of my word... mostly.\n
Good, good. I've got lots to do before we go. Check the barge, check our supplies, sample the wine. You never want to travel with bad wine.
You're not as stupid as you look.
The planting season was almost over, so I figured I might as well travel with him. It has been interesting.
His title mystifies me, except for the *cod6*Magnificent Bastard*cod6* portion. I'm fairly certain I know how he came by that part.
It really isn't important. Just get that key from him, and close the Great Dam.
No... wait. Please. There's something different about you. You're not some peasant or simple villager like most in this town. I... I need your help.
I'm a proud man. It's not easy to ask for another's help. But I have little choice now. I need someone to close the Great Dam for me.
Please, I offer a large reward for little effort! Just get the key to the ruins from Minister Sheng and close the dam so my ship and my men can leave this accursed town forever.
Double Ham Style!
Well, that makes things easier on me, for sure. Now I can start selling those old plots again! Next time I'll just throw the bones in the river and be done with it.
Ha! Scourge of the South! Is that the best they could come up with? They missed your looks, too. Ha ha ha!
Scourge of the South... that's got a certain ring to it. Too bad they didn't get your appearance right... or perhaps it's good they didn't.
He is gone.
Well, see if you can't do something about him quick. I'm too spooked to go in that area anymore. I need those plots to... eh-heh, *cod6*honor*cod6* some ancestors. Eh-heheh.
I'll close the dam for you.
How do I get to the dam?
Solve Puzzle
How much would you pay to have the Great Dam closed?
He was buried by his wife a short while ago. I don't know what killed him. The family wouldn't talk about it. But his face was bloated like you wouldn't believe, eh-heh.
His wife's still around, though. She won't visit since he came up. Every time she gets near, he starts screaming incoherently, and he's out of it for days. Nothing near him is safe.
Good riddance! Hells, it was probably his old lady that offed him in the first place, and for good reason, too, I bet. Eh-heh, it's all just business to me, you understand.\n
Well, he's one of the ones I've had the most problems with. He's on a valuable plot, and with all the new, eh-heh, *cod6*ancestors*cod6* becoming venerated, land is at a premium.
See if you can't get him cleared up soon, will you? Maybe I'll pay a little extra for that one.
Press the button to which you would like to assign the action.
Sorry, young one. I don't have time to chat. Master Dutong's got me busy steeping the tea, and he *is* the boss. You can't argue with an Imperial Writ.
My hero returns! Remember, you're always welcome in this teahouse as long as Old Mother Kwan is around.
Clay Golem
Sir Roderick has continued to malign the ways of the Jade Empire. Engage him in a duel of words to show him the error of his beliefs or get rid of him quietly. Either way he must be silenced.
So it's true... Master Li really is the Emperor's brother! I wish... I wish I had known.
Even a god is not invincible. They have their place, and it can be challenged. Sun Li could not stop the slaughter of the Spirit Monks. He fled the battle with you in his arms.
We should go. The task ahead will be difficult and I fear the effect it will have on us.
I... I served him in the Imperial Army. But right now I have things you must know, so set aside your questions and listen carefully.
Be calm. You can be about your other tasks soon enough. For now, I have important things to tell you, so listen well.\n
Sun Li asked me to seek a piece of a special amulet he wanted you, his prize pupil, to have. It was broken apart and scattered when the Spirit Monk temple fell.
He intended to--and I assume he did--give the main piece to you. Rumor placed a smaller part with a fleeing apprentice monk, but it had been some years, and the trail was cold.
Your perception of that time is different than mine. I thought we were very lucky to have the training we did. I still do.
I eventually learned the monk had fled to old Tien's Landing. He was there a year or so, but died of lingering injuries and was buried with his possessions unsorted.
It was rushed at the time because the new dam was due to close, and old Tien's would become a watery tomb. The amulet was beyond reach, so I came here and waited.
Yes, Sun Li intended you to find it; I was to tell you about it if anything happened to him. It was the last order he gave me, and I have waited years to fulfill my duty.
Sun Li is a great man, driven by greater goals and ideals. Sometimes his gaze is lifted so high that he does not see what is right in front of him.
We who serve him are sometimes forgotten; left to toil in obscurity until the time to act is thrust upon us. So it was with me, waiting for you.
I only know that I had to find the the piece I was tracking. I did so; it is in the ruins. You must find it before the Lotus Assassins do. You will need it to help your Master.
The gates leading to the ruins are locked, but Minister Sheng can give you the key. You can find him in the town square, the highest point in Tien's Landing.
I suspect the Minister is eager to have someone investigate the opening of the Great Dam. You can use this as an excuse to get the key and explore the ruins.
I am unimportant, but I promised I would aid you as best I can, so ask your questions.
There is little to tell. I served him years ago in the Imperial Army. I was a tracker and a soldier. I was not at Dirge when it fell, but I heard the tale of Sun Li's death.
I revere him as a teacher and... I revere him. Even when he ordered me to distant lands, my loyalty never wavered. But I am tired. I long for an end to my service.
That would be a question for him, wouldn't it? I can only say that Sun Li devoted his life to raising you to one day right the wrongs in the Jade Empire.
If he wanted to keep some small part of his own life and thoughts for himself, who are you to question that? Everyone must have their private side.
I would be honored, but as a student of Sun Li you have probably learned much of it simply by watching me. Naming it will bring it together in your mind.
I cannot. I have done my part. I have given Sun Li my loyalty and... devotion. Now I am empty; I have nothing left. I see an end to my long service. I welcome it.
Remember: Go to the ruins and claim the amulet before the Lotus Assassins do. You will need it to survive the trials that lie ahead.
And so I step away. I have no further part to play, and I am glad for it. Perhaps history will clear my doubts and show my time was worthwhile. I wish you luck.
Back again? Have you been to the ruins yet? Time is running short. If you don't find the missing piece of your amulet, the Lotus Assassins will.
The Outlander's Insult
Li's wife was with child, his daughter born in the Imperial Palace while he was at Dirge. He never saw her. Within weeks of the siege, the Emperor had Li's family... executed.
Executed? Murdered! The Lotus Assassins were to cut them down... a mother and newborn child. I have no doubt that order came from Death's Hand himself!
He probably didn't think his family would be harmed, but even had he known, he might still have saved you. Li knows you have a destiny to fulfill. You're the last of your kind.
Fine. We won't talk. I'm sorry I'm not dealing with all of this as efficiently as you want. Let's just get back to what we need to do.
The natural order has been disrupted. There is much to say, but this is not the place for it. Meet me in the Teahouse. I'll tell you more about Sun Li... and how to rescue him.
You can trust Hui, so I don't think there's any reason for me to stick around. I'll be back at the camp if you need me.
How do you know Master Li, again?
Try to speed this up. I have other things to do.
So you searched for the rest of the amulet?
Could we speed this up a little bit. Where is the monk?
How do they know about it?
You sound regretful.
Can you tell me more about the amulet?
How do I get to the ruins?
I have questions about you.
Tell me about you and Master Li.
Why has Master Li never mentioned you?
Can you tell me anything else about the Spirit Thief style?
I could use another fighter. Come with me.
I have a lot ahead of me. I should go.
Flawless Scholar Gem
Body +6*cod2**cod2*This gem is of superior quality and provides an excellent bonus to your Body.\n
Body +10*cod2**cod2*This flawless gem provides a great bonus to your Body.\n
Spirit +6*cod2**cod2*This gem is of superior quality and provides an excellent bonus to your Spirit.\n
Spirit +10*cod2**cod2*This flawless gem provides a powerful bonus to your Spirit.\n
Mind +6*cod2**cod2*This gem is of superior quality and provides an excellent bonus to your Mind.\n
Mind +10*cod2**cod2*This flawless gem provides a powerful bonus to your Mind.\n
+ 10 Fire Resistance Gem
+ 10 Ice Resistance Gem
+ 10 Wood Resistance Gem
+10 Earth Resistance Gem
+10 Metal Resistance Gem
+5 All Resistances Gem
+10 All Resistances Gem
[DESC]+ 10 Fire Resistance Gem
[DESC]+ 10 Ice Resistance Gem
[DESC]+ 10 Wood Resistance Gem
[DESC]+10 Earth Resistance Gem
[DESC]+10 Metal Resistance Gem
[DESC]+5 All Resistances Gem
[DESC]+10 All Resistances Gem
Slot not used.
You should speak to Dutong. See if you can get him to confess to cheating Old Mother Kwan out of this teahouse.
Auto
*cod84* Description for Double Hammers
Unique Style, Drains Chi from enemies*cod2*Does direct damage in Chi Strike mode. Spirit Thief's Power Attack inflicts damage but does not drain Chi in Chi Strike mode. *cod2**cod2*Those most adept at manipulating chi find that even the spiritual energy of others is within their grasp. The strikes and forms of the Spirit Thief style enable practitioners to tap an enemy's vital energies and refill their own reserves. While the techniques of this style do no physical damage to its victims without being charged with the user's chi, those who face a Spirit Thief master find themselves without the resolve to put their hearts into the fight.
An ancient design, the spear is a length of wood topped by a sharpened head of steel. Spears have a longer reach than most martial weapons, and a master can make use of this to keep an opponent at a distance, thereby neutralizing their attacks. The spear does not offer great defense in close quarters, but a master can often end a fight long before an opponent slips inside his reach.
Thank you for all your help, mistress. I could not have expected more from my own sister. Your spirit is as kind and generous as that of the Emperor himself.
But I have nothing else to give. Please, it is a very generous dowry for a simple villager like myself. Take it... I have nothing else.
Don't try to defend him! He used me! He lied to me! At least I found out what he was really like before I married him, thanks to you. Here, take this. It's my dowry.
You're right. I am better off without him. I'm... I'm glad you found this out before I married him. Thank you. Here... take my dowry. I won't need it now.
Of course. I don't mean to sound ungrateful. I'm honored that one as great as you offered to help me at all. Thank you.
But there isn't! My poor Bei has done nothing to these men. They attack him for no reason at all! Please, you have to help him. I beg you!
Please, as soon as you find out anything about this woman, let me know. It's... it's not like Bei to keep secrets from me.
Thank you for all you've done. Here, take this as a sign of my appreciation: It's my dowry. I want you to have it.
You mean... you did this for me, and you expect nothing in return? I... I can't believe it!
I'll go to the dam right now.
Double Sabers
Master Li cares deeply for all of us, despite his stern demeanor. Look how he came to my rescue when the bandit's spell left me wounded.
You told me that before. I suggested that you look for some other meaning behind it, but I don't presume to speak for Master Li.
I don't think that is possible. Are you sure you understood what he meant? Much of what he says is disguised in layers.
As he carried me back to the school, he told me that I was a rough diamond, and that this injury was the first cut of many.
Exactly. I could have let this shatter me, but instead I have learned a great deal about myself.
Perhaps you need to look for that kind of meaning in what he said.
I don't like your interpretation, and I still find comfort in his words.
I can only feed you answers that are common knowledge. Some of the other students might help you more.
Wen is the most widely traveled here, and Lin hasn't been able to stop talking about ghosts, which is a nice change from her talking about everyone else.
Take care. Oh, and if you happen to find anything that might help this wound after you talk to Old Ming, let me know!
Good luck in your search.
Keep going! There are others in the school!
Did you like it? I thought you might want a little assistance. Consider it a small token of my favor.
I hear your friend has gone missing. So sad. Very sad indeed.
More importantly, my stock has arrived. Braving roads dangerous with ghosts and bandits, a caravan runner just dropped off a load of supplies.
Those thugs! I can't believe they've come so far. They're coming up from the beach.
Go stop them now. It's your duty as one of Master Li's students!
Those bandits will think twice before threatening a town protected by the likes of Master Li. They were fools to even come here.
The only shame is that their ship sunk. Think what we could have done with their plunder. Ahh well, that's another opportunity lost.
Bandits coming here? There's precious little to steal, but I suppose they suspect we're a sleepy town with no protection.
Luckily, we have you fine students and your master to look over us. It does my heart good to see that you're here already, prepared to defend the town.
A potential customer is a welcome customer!
I thank you for your courtesy. A woman always likes to hear when her gifts are appreciated.
Oh yes, I had heard that someone was injured and immediately saw the opportunity to make vast sums of... no, to make a difference, that's it.
Anyway, I've checked my stocks and I only have enough ingredients to make one dose of the salve for a poultice.
I'm not sure how much good it will do by itself. Might take a bit of the sting away.
Expensive stuff that. Very pricey. Hard to acquire, too. Would certainly help her wound, but I know something just as good.
Get her some bearded tongue grass and she'll feel better. It won't hasten the healing any, so she'll have to take it easy, but it will deaden the pain.
That's good stuff, and readily available to me... and you, of course, heh. Yes, it will deaden her pain perfectly.
She should avoid straining herself, of course. Bearded tongue grass won't heal like red silk grass does, but why spend all that money just to speed healing?
If you think you can justify such opulence to heal something that time would take care of, who am I to argue? I'll just need your payment to prepare the poultice.
Business has been slow! What am I supposed to do? Starve?
Good... you came. Wait here. There's a small hole in the wall... just around the side. I'll sneak in and open the door from the inside.
There. The ghosts are just beyond the door. They haven't noticed me... yet.
I was just thinking the same thing. I don't want to get any closer to those... things.
I think I'll just wait here for you to clear the ghosts.
Kang provided you with a windmap to an unknown location. Kang seems to have no recollection of where the map could lead. Following the map should help you learn more about Kang's mysterious past.
The Burning Town
A human here? You are not of the family! You should not be here.
The Lotus Assassins are very careful about such maps. They would like for the skies to be the sole property of their order and the Imperial Army.
The Forest Shadow is not sure of you, human, but you have earned the right to pass safely to her.
Beware of more demons. They grow more aggressive as our mistress weakens from the disease in the trees.
The sailors have all left, thanks to you! They were some of my best customers!
Though I suppose there will be other customers to make up for their loss now that the dam is closed. Maybe this dive will finally start to turn a profit.
No, no, no! You can't put all this on me anymore. You're part of this now. You and Yanru were both paid off fair and square.
Remember: If you tell anyone the truth, both I and Steeper Yanru will deny it. Two against one. Nobody will believe you.\n
Our business is done, so please go bother someone else. I have to get back to running *my* teahouse.
I thought you might try to squeeze me for a little more. As a fellow swindler, I admire the effort. But you're forgetting that we two aren't the only ones involved.
And I want to keep it that way. There are enough people involved already: you, me, Steeper Yanru. No sense letting anyone else in on our little secret.
The... the writ? Why ish you ashking about that? You want to shteal it? You want to shteal my teahoushe?
I'm watching you! Shneaky thief. Try to shteal my teahoushe? Go on. Get out of here.
[Success] Yesh, you're a good friend. I can trusht you. You'll undershtand!
[Success] Yesh, that'sh what I need to do. Confessh my shins. Then I feel better!
[Success] Yesh, I'm a worm! A filthy shnake. I'm a worthlessh, wretched worm!
Boss, what are you sayin'? I better sober you up!
I heard what you said, Dutong! I knew you cheated Mother Kwan out of this place, and now we have proof! You can't get out of this now!
You are a true gentleman, as kind and generous as the Emperor himself. Thank you... for everything.
Find the Minister's Weapon
You agreed to find Minister Sheng's stolen weapon. He has committed men and resources to your effort. Seek the bandits along the Grandfather River and identify who is supporting them.
Rescue Spear Catches Leaf
The third of Lao's missing legion is Spear Catches Leaf. Seek him in the plains north of Tien's Landing and convince him to return.
Keep your dowry. I'm just happy to help.
Kill Spear Catches Leaf
Seek out Spear Catches Leaf in the plains north of Tien's Landing and find out what he knows. Kill him before he can warn his former master that you are coming.
The Cannibal Caves
Local officials have led you into a trap. These caves are filled with tainted spirits. Defeat the grotesque cannibal leader and return to Tien's Landing to show these fools the penalty for treachery.
A Keg to Bait the Axeman
Thank you. I was glad to help.
I expected more as a reward.
A bowl of wine or the right roadside alter may lure the Black Whirlwind from his hiding place. Place bowls laced with Kang's elixer of senslessness and return in the morning.
Deprive a fool of his sport
The Black Whirlwind may return to town if there is no more prey for him to hunt. Kill every game animal you can find in the Southern Forest.
Assemble the Judges
Find five judges who will adjudicate the duel of words fairly. If they are too biased, Sir Roderick will claim that the contest is pointless.
Praise the Emperor! Old Mother Kwan is back in charge, and I'm back steeping tea where I belong. No more giving out bad advice for me!
I'm glad we got Dutong's silver, but I feel bad for what we did to Mother Kwan. And now I'm stuck giving out bad advice as a barkeep.
[Success] I will go... I don't want to fight anymore.
I have nothing to say to a dog bounding after its master. Go bother someone else.
Junda
Go and see the mistress, human. She waits for you above.
Do not dally with me. She awaits you.
You are unharmed?!
Be respectful when you speak to our mistress.
End the corruption.
You will be our salvation.
Be strong, human, but be swift, as well.
You have chosen well, human.
Kang has another windmap that he thinks will lead to discovering more about his past. Though he has no idea where the map will take you, he is certain it will be dangerous.
Fine. Here's the proof that Ling was involved.
What happened to this place? I passed through here not more than six months ago, and the trees were healthy.
The air feels stagnant, too. There can't be many caravan drivers willing to travel the forest in this state. Wait, what's that noise?
I would never do that. I'd be shut down, or worse, in a heartbeat, and there's too many people who'd happily report the infraction to Sweet Poison Lyn.
The Guild rewards those who can prove that people in my position aren't playing by their rules.
The loyalty you inspire is also tiresome, but I respect it. You have truly become a Spirit Monk. In another time, I would be proud of your ability.
Focus mode enabled.
test test
I'll die before one of these dwellers gets its ghostly hands on Lord Yun.
There is some talk of ghosts, of all things, attacking lone travelers, as well. I dismiss that kind of thing out of hand.
Of course that didn't stop Gao the Lesser from beating a few of them senseless. That boy enjoys causing pain.
Bloody forest looks like a blackened wound. Have to cut it down if it doesn't heal.
Guess those folk wailing about ghosts swarming the south were right.
I've been in worse spots than this. Not many, but a few.
I thought as much before the bandit attack, but I see now that I must be prepared for anything at all times. I give it my full attention.
Bloody hill's caving in on itself, from the sounds of it.
I don't know why, but hearing all the rock shift brings a smile to my face.
Thought you were done for. Looks like you're a tough one.
The air seems clearer. Damned if I know why.
I can't shake the feeling the trees are watching me.
I just want to go home.
I understand Lord Yun's determination, but it will kill us all.
I will never see my wife again. I know this.
Even the earth protests this place.
We thought you were dead.
The air seems lighter now, but the ghosts are still out there. We'll stay on our guard.
We can't leave this place soon enough for me.
We have no claim on you, living one. Go, if you wish. We will not stop you.
Big people don't help us! Nobody helps us! They only hurt us!
And I must thank you, too. I have lived with this guilt for many years. Now that this is done, maybe I can finally move on with my life. Because of you.
Didn't anybody try to help you?
And now you're a ghost.
I've tackled dangerous animals, but never ghosts.
Something must have happened to the Forest Shadow. This forest is sick.
Spear Catches Leaf, Lord Yun's lead hunter, knows this area intimately.
I wish you luck.
The shuddering earth will frighten the animals even more.
Something feels different in this place since the earth shook.
We were not sure if you would be safe.
If this forest does not heal, it will have to be cut down.
The Black Whirlwind
Several spirits have pooled their energy to contact you, piercing the veil between the realm of the living and that of the dead. Cleanse the Temple of Central Harmony so they can clearly state their intent to you.
Servants of the Dragon
[Shendao flinches away from you. He remains silent, as you demanded.]
You have heard rumors that there may be other survivors of the destruction of Two Rivers, your home. Seek these people out and determine how they got away.
*cod7**cod9**cod8*
I thought I was saved when they killed the bandits that raided my husband's wagon, but these soldiers were no better. You have my gratitude.
Well, no matter... if you're looking for weapons, I have quite a good selection and reasonable rates. Would you like to see what I have for sale?
Here you go. There's quite a lot, so take your time.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Not much to tell, really. I've been working with the school for almost twenty years, like my father did before me.
Ties to Home
Kang the Mad has fled the coming battle, taking his flying contraption with him. He must be found or it will take far too long to return to the Imperial City.
Retrieve the Marvelous Dragonfly
All attacks inflict 50% more damage.
Extra attack with the fast combo.*cod2*All attacks do 20% more damage.
All attacks inflict 20% more damage.*cod2*Healing rate is doubled.
Well, all these years together, and I never suspected you were the Scourge of the South. I'm sorry, I know it's not funny... at least they didn't get your looks right.
New move: Summon Dragon (Chi charged A+X )*cod2*All attacks inflict 20% more damage
What would I have to do?
I'll close the dam for you so the river is not so low and fast.
Come with me. We might be able to explain things to him.
No, not yet.
So, they have a name for you now. At least they didn't get your appearance right. Maybe we should find out exactly what they know.
Oh, well if you do find one, put it back in the ground. That's when you'll get your money, eh-heh.
Is there anything else?
Which? The elder or the younger?
Dispose of the Outlander
Find a quiet spot to dispose of Sir Roderick. Preferably a hole somewhere large enough to fit his bulbous shape.
Defeat the Nameless Hordes
The Temple of Central Harmony is overrun. Cleanse it of these intruders and find out who allowed them to enter.
The Four Sigils of Harmony
After the garden is clear, return the four sigils to their proper places at the corners of the main hall.
Seek Justice for a Fraud
A traveling huckster has used the destruction of your home to solicit donations from well meaning merchants. Exact a bloody penalty for his dishonor.
Get a Cut of the Action
A Huckster has used your misfortune for his own profit. It is a harmless deception, just as long as you recieve the share that you deserve.
Reform the Wayward Fool
Convince the Huckster that has profited from your misfortune that he has dishonored himself. Help him see the error of his ways.
Investigate the Impact Site
The flyer may not have made it too far past the walls of the temple. Search the forest for the crash site and see if Kang survived.
Heh... sorry for being late.
Well, you still have a bit of personality about you, hmm? It won't last. They strip their recruits down to the essentials. Eventually, you'll be just another mask.
Press the *cod7*Focus*cod8* key to enter and exit Focus mode.
Well, he was always a bit of a miser. Eh-heh, except on his burial, of course. He was wearing some very nice rings... er... well, he has a nice plot. Yeah, that's it.
The Promise
You've agreed to help Ai Ling find a potential husband. The first step will be convincing an eligible bachelor to meet with her. No mean feat, considering that the meeting will take place in the headquarters of her gang.
Are you lying again?
No, dear.
Are you listening to me?
[SLAP!]
Fen? You have come this far for *Fen?* Did Hing send you here without even mentioning my name?
Oh dear. This will be unpleasant for someone.
I am Sing Wa. These animals made me cook for them, clean up their filth... and Hing sent you for the Flower? I will kill him.
No, but she is here. Oh yes, just over here. Let me present her to you.
Hin Goo the Mechanic needs your services and your flyer. He asked you to retrieve some parts for him and has promised to sell you upgrades to the Marvelous Dragonfly in return. The mission will be dangerous, but it may well be worth the risk.
[Step away from the fuel hopper.]
Fen! Come!
Fen, my Flower! You are safe!
I knew this great fighter would save you. I couldn't leave without you. The cart needs your strength to pull it.
I am safe as well, Hing. Or did you forget I was missing?
Ah, there you are, my dear. I am glad you did not come to harm.
But you are more concerned about the ox. I see.
Gao? One of the soldiers said someone with that name is at a camp to the far north. Of course, he may have been speaking of someone more important.
Perhaps the camp goat!
I prayed for your safe return, dear, but the cart will not move itself.
Yanwan
You will be lucky if I don't make you pull it while the ox rides. She is clearly important enough.
Come. Leave any of our stolen silver as reward for our savior. I value my own life at least that much. Someone has to.
I'll get something later.
Crescent Blades
Doh! The thugs have killed you - StrRef #60192\n
Hin Goo has arranged for you to escort the Prefect of Shangdang County back to his home. The skies are filled with bandits, and the mission will be perilous, but the Prefect promises to reward you well.
Hin Goo asked you to rescue his associate. In return for your aid, he will allow you to use his flyer for this one mission. The area is swarming with pirates and bandits, so you'll have to be accurate and careful.
Physical barriers are no match for those we place in our own minds. My power has encased you in doubt, held you with the weight of your burden.
You and your followers are playthings. Death's Hand weakens without you, and the rest are held just as you are. You are each too weak to match my power.
The Celestial Bureaucracy is said to govern the heavens. Just as cities have minor officials, existence is delegated across many entities, some more grand than others.
You have found some guy's sword. Switch to your sword style using your Fight Style keys. strref 60203
Invulnerable
Unlimited Chi
Matchmaker
How dare you stand before me?
She was poisoned as surely as I am blind, and no one would benefit as much as her opponent of the moment.
Lies! By your honor as a man, do not try that with me!
You will not lie to me, girl!
He raised his son up just like him. They hated each other like you've never seen. Maybe the son finally decided to take over the family business once and for all.
I have dedicated myself to the healing arts, and I know the effects of the southern black leaf extract as well as the best assassins.
Eh-heh, it's all the same to me, but the old man was past his prime. Like a living skeleton. If I hadn't have known him for years, I might have thought he was a ghost already!
Is that all you wanted to know?
If you think I am preaching, then I conclude my sermon now.
Why bother to voice an accusation in this place? Here I am a blind woman in the halls of the deaf.
Bright young upstart, I have to say. Taught the tanning trade by his father, the one who's risen up and gone home. Trying to make a real name for himself, too.
You are the Imperial Champion. Who would believe me?
Kai Lan controls legions of dangerous men. I know better than to sully the name of his tournament.
I want nothing more to do with you. Take yourself elsewhere.
When his father died a few days ago, he kept saying that things would change. That he was better than his father ever was, and with him out of the way, it would all be better.
Eh-heh, like father like son. I heard the same thing happened when the old Tanner Fong took over, too. Eh-heheh.
Away from my table! These tools are for healing, and they do not need your taint near them, poisoner.
You're wrong, Doctor. Khana was not poisoned.
Don't interrupt your elders, young one. As I was saying: It was some stranger who wandered into town and saved us.
Some stranger? I can't believe that. What is more likely, your theory, that some lone stranger wandered into town and saved us for no reason, or my theory?
My theory.
You don't even know my theory yet.
I know it's yours, so I know it's wrong. My theory.
Here's my theory: The Emperor sent a special agent to close the dam for us. But the Emperor, he's so humble he didn't want us to know. He made the agent come in secret!\n
You really believe that? Now I *know* your mind is gone! The Emperor doesn't care about us.
No? Then why'd he send an agent to save us? Hmph!\n
You're crazy. Times have never been better.
I'm not crazy. I smell it in the wind. Something bad is coming.
How do you know? You always think you know more than me.
Everyone knows more than you. And I just know something bad is coming.
If I knew what it was, I would have said what it was. Wouldn't I?
I agree with the rude youngster here. You don't know what you're talking about. You're crazy.
The dam is closed, the river is back. We can fish, goods are coming into the town. The pirates are gone. Even Minister Sheng doesn't whine as much as usual.
I tell you, something bad is coming.
Ah, you've just got gas.
Well, yes. But that's not what I'm talking about. I can smell it.
Told you it was gas.
Don't interrupt your elders, young one. I got a bad feeling. Trouble's coming. It's going to be worse than the Long Drought.
The Long Drought? You're crazy. Was never anything worse than the Long Drought.
Just wait and see. Then we'll find out who's crazy.
You've been in the sun too long. The Long Drought was bad. This is nothing!
Five people died yesterday. Pirates raided one of the outlying farms, took the whole family as slaves!
During the Long Drought, must have been six... seven hundred... seven thousand... people died every day. That was bad, this is nothing.
Hush, young one. Don't interrupt your elders. We've been sitting here talking since before your parents were born, and we ain't about to stop now.
If you want to listen in, fine. But pipe down. My friend's mind ain't what it used to be, and he'll lose his train of thought if you cut him off.
Where was I? Oh yes... you're crazy. Sure, the drought lasted ten years. But I knew Emperor Sun Hai would figure out a way to save us.
You knew that? Funny, I remember you sitting on that same stone, complaining that Sun Hai wasn't half the emperor his father was!
I never said any such thing!
Quit interrupting, young one! Listen to the wisdom of your elders, and you might learn something!
Wisdom? You don't know nothing about wisdom! You said that Sun Hai's father would have solved the drought, but you had no faith in the young buck of a son.
You're crazy, that's what you are. I always trusted the Emperor. After he ended the drought, I was the one cheering the loudest for him.
Cheered the loudest? That's just 'cause you were going deaf, even back then. Besides, you never even saw the Emperor!
How do you know? Maybe I *did* see the Emperor! Anyway, the Emperor saved us from the drought, and I'm sure he'll save us now.
You think so? Really?
No. We're dead.
Ah, you're crazy.
Goodbye? Goodbye? Who was talking to him?
Goodbye? Goodbye? Who was talking to her?
You're crazy.
Me? You're the one kept saying the Emperor would come save us. Wasn't the Emperor in the end, though.
It isn't hard. You don't know anything.
Hush, young one. Don't interrupt your elders! We've been sitting here talking since before your parents were born, and we're not about to stop now.
Do you ever say anything useful?
I closed the dam.
I know who closed the dam.
What's your theory?
I closed the dam!
What do you think is coming?
You don't know what you're talking about.
You two are a complete waste of time.
VFX Guy
The drought sounds pretty bad.
Is this all you two do? Sit here and argue?
It's not good to speak ill of the Emperor.
That's about all I can take. Goodbye.
It's up to you how we handle this, but remember that the Inquisitors aren't just thugs. They're more subtle.
What are you two talking about?
You wouldn't... I don't... I mean... Ahh!!!
Ha! Don't make me laugh! I'm looking to start a family and live a nice, quiet life. Somehow I don't see that kind of domestic tranquility in your near future.
You've got that *cod6*wandering hero*cod6* look, and I'm not interested in a husband who's going to be out traveling the Empire or saving the world.
I'll marry you.
I... I am truly frightened about tomorrow. But I know I am safe here with you.
Whatever comes, thank you for showing me how to care for people. I have never been closer to anyone.
[You are tied to the reason why spirits wander. Many appeared after your people fell, and some are held in this cave. They are drawn to your amulet. It is ahead, waiting for you.]
[Be careful. It is desired by many seeking power beyond the mortal realm. I make no apology for these trials, my student. You will come to see how necessary they are.]
I will never leave again.
Given how quickly I could feel an effect, this cure was worth it. Here, take this with my thanks.
That's very kind of you. I can't thank you enough.
It's a shame there isn't time to train with Smiling Mountain right now. I feel good enough to fight!
If you are interested in trying to set a new record for Smiling Mountain's special prize, whatever it is, then I'll be ready.
I don't think so. Some of the throbbing has faded, so I'm sure it's on the road to recovery. Thank you for the offer.
I haven't been able to think of anything new. You should talk to Old Ming; he might have some ideas.
He'll probably be down by the beach making sure nothing happened to the statue of the Emperor during the bandit raid.
Unless you can speed up time, I'm not sure there's much that can be done. Master Li has already tended to it.
Then again, I vaguely recall a grass or herb that hastens the healing process. Someone like Old Ming might know for sure, he's quite interested in herbs.
I think so, though I can't remember the name. It was some kind of rare grass, I think.
I don't think it's a common plant, no. The only person I can think of who might know for sure would be Old Ming.
I'm not sure, but if you had to buy it, I'd happily pay you back for the trouble you went through.
This wound will heal in time regardless, but I wouldn't complain if it knitted faster. All the quicker to return to my training.
When he's not hollering at students for making too much noise, he's usually down by the beach looking after the statue of Emperor Sun.
Creative Yukong
If you have to buy anything, let me know what it cost and I'll pay you back happily. It would be worth it to get back to training.
I have expressed my concerns to Smiling Mountain, and he wisely advises me to focus on myself. If I let my anger get the better of me, I'm no better than Gao.
Well? What is it, then?
Of course he was dead! The family wouldn't exactly have given me a live man to bury, now would they?
It is too late for my wine operation, but I am a man of business, and I plan to collect payment, in one form or another!
That would be... unprofessional. Can't have stuff like that getting around.
You, uh... dealt with the problem, though?
Hello! You do not need to speak with me. I am just Merchant Jiang's assistant. Perhaps someday I will be Merchant Shipeng, mightiest merchant of Tien's Landing!
But for now, I am just an assistant, not worthy of your honorable time.
Well, the family isn't pleased, so you should probably hurry it up. I can't say I'd enjoy it either if my dead relatives came back, eh-heheh.
You will choose to help us, or you will die.
You will help, or we will have you.
Where did you... Ahhhh! The Spirit! She is dead and you are returned to us! The Mother be praised!
You are wise to serve the keeper.
The keeper makes us strong.
Protect Kang!
You are too big. Your size makes you weak.
I see no need to speak to you. You are nothing.
Leave me to my food, unless you want some of it. Har!
Anyone want some leg with their meal? I have plenty here! Ha!
You shouldn't come near me unless you want my full attention.
I didn't order any milk, wench!
I do not trust you, thin-blood.
Decide wisely, or I will pick my teeth with your bones.
The caves are open, the Mother is free, and we have gathered the silver that we offered to pay you.
You have your duties, thin-blood. Do them!
Mistress, I am almost ready to return to the Imperial City. Another day and I will bring you the amulet fragment.
I lose confidence in you with each passing hour, Lim. You should have been back by now. Why haven't you ordered Gao to grant you one of his flyers?
Mistress, Gao's ships are only small flyers. They're good for short-range flights and raiding villages, but not for long journeys. That's why I haven't returned yet.
Spirit Well
Area Attack (Chi Strike)
Attack (Chi Strike)
Let us begin.
Show your skill with your hands, not your words.
Until you finish? *I* designed that Dragonfly! *I* built it, not Gao! That Dragonfly is Kang's masterpiece!
Silence the mad fool!
I've heard rumors of a spy disrupting our operations in the south, Lim. Maybe this is all too much for you to handle. Perhaps I should come out there personally.
Did you say Gao was in charge?
That will not be necessary, Mistress. I will deal with the troublemaker here and return to the Imperial City in one day.
You heard Mistress Jia. I can't waste any more time here. Get that flyer finished... now!
I... I want to be alone. I... I must grieve for my son. No one is to disturb me! No one!
If I can get to the Imperial City fast enough, I can give the amulet fragment to Death's Hand himself. Then, Grand Inquisitor Jia may be in for a surprise. We shall see.
You may have your workshop back, mad one. I suspect Gao will be preoccupied for some time, so I'm in charge now. I suggest you finish your Dragonfly today!
Interruptions... who designed that Dragonfly... build something to make his sandals explode....
How would I get to the pirate camp?
Hasn't anybody tried to stop them?
Yes, dear.
Are you another fool who values things over lives? Careful, or you may develop some unwholesome attachments.
You must slow the Imperial attack on Dirge. Destroy as many ships and ground targets as you can.
Eh-heh, well, you know... a few things here and there. They just sort of... fall into my hands. Eh-heheh. They don't need them anymore. Heh.
Strong
Fast
This day couldn't possibly get worse.
Captain Burning Sun
You have recovered Minister Sheng's weapon, the Dragon Sword.
Experience Jade Empire's epic story though action-packed combat and rich interactive dialog.
This gem temporarily prevents any drain on Health.
Powered by earth spirits, this gem temporarily grants unlimited Chi.
You have found a powerful protective gem called the Warrior's Boon for your amulet.
You have recovered a Spirit Well gem for your Dragon Amulet.
[Success] I suppose it would be bad for my reputation, and you're well-known enough that word would get around. Fine, I'll knock off a bit of silver.
[Success] You're right, that wouldn't be just, given the circumstances. As much as I hate to do it, I can knock a few silvers off the price for you.
[Success] You see to the heart of the matter. I suppose I can't risk losing the sale when I have no other stock, so I will knock a few silvers off the price.
[Failure] I'm not going to fall for that kind of word play. I've been a merchant longer than you've been alive. My prices are fair enough. Pay them, or move on.
Exactly. A wise decision, and one with a better bottom line for us both. I'll need payment in advance, of course.
An excellent choice! I'll mix the salve for you and prepare the poultice; it won't take a moment.
Time will heal her, as long as she's careful not to strain herself.
It is difficult for one of my rank to give gifts, even ones so simple as what I gave you. A princess is not normally allowed to show favorites.
Your generosity is extreme, but who am I to complain? Enjoy, and I hope it makes your friend better quickly.
You are the best kind of friend: generous, but frugal. Most excellent.
[Success] I suppose it would be bad for my reputation, and you're well known enough that word would get around. Fine, I'll knock off a bit of silver.
Fair enough. To be sure you aren't choosing the wrong grass, I'll go over this again with you if you change your mind.
To hear some of the caravan masters talk, there are problems of this type all over the Empire. I will be sure to let you know as soon as anything comes to town.
Two Rivers has always accepted the masters of your school as leaders, but none have taken to it with the skill, authority, or wisdom of your master.
Why not ask your friend there? Dawn Star knows more about the spirit realm than anyone, it seems. She's been a great help from time to time.
I do what I can to help, good merchant. That's all any of us can do.
Your friend Dawn Star might be the best person to ask. She's been a help in a few instances where there have been... issues with ghosts.
Yes, I'll take this filthy beast home and decide if it is allowed in the house anymore. And I'll take the ox, as well.
If you have questions about history or philosophy, I recommend avoiding us students. Learn about the past from those who were there.
One day the gods will recognize my suffering and elevate me to their ranks.
I'm looking for ingredients for a medicinal poultice.
Old Ming suggested red silk grass to cure her wound.
Do you have any bearded tongue grass?
Better that I give it away before Death's Hand carts it off. He has been quite brazen.
I'll take the red silk grass. I want her to be able to fight safely.
We negotiated a discount for red silk grass. Here's forty silver.
Here's the fifty silver for red silk grass.
Besides, it was mine by birthright to do with as I wish. Must I always be dictated to by tradition, despite my respect for it?
Surely you're not going to charge full price for a humanitarian cause?
[Charm] A kind man like yourself wouldn't let a student suffer over a few silvers.
[Intimidation] That girl's wound warned us of the bandits. You would dismiss that out of hand?
[Intuition] How large is your profit on this herb? Large enough to justify this kind of reluctance?
Forget it. I'll pay full price.
As long as she thinks she's better. Give me the bearded tongue grass.\n
We worked out a discount for the bearded tongue grass. Here's twenty silver.
Here's the twenty five silver for bearded tongue grass.
I want to ask about the others at this school.
I'll look to the villagers and save as many as I can. Go!
Sometimes I want what everyone else has: to be myself.
What do you think about Master Li?
One of many facets that will make you a better person.
No matter how pretty the pieces, you are still diminished.
Do you know much about the rest of the Empire?
I'll be back when I can afford that price.
And to be myself I... gave you what I wished.
I'll have to think about it.
Hmm. Well, you're polite, at least. Most nobles take gifts as a matter of course. Especially those from a woman.
[It looks like Ru the Boatswain has drunk himself into a stupor. Good thing Kang has offered to let you use the Dragonfly.]
But the price I may pay for helping you could be greater still. I am destined for the throne, destined to rule the Empire after my father, but....
You've made quite an impact here, getting rid of Shin *and* Gang already. I suppose you think the rest of us should beg to have you for our master now.
At this camp there is only me and Fen. Oh yes, I am not her, but she is here. Let me present her.
Flower of the Field? Hing sent you here for his Flower and did not even mention my name?
By coming in here and trying to leap up in rank you make the rest of us look bad. We're already being replaced by golems, we don't need you making us seem worthless.
Our masters look weaker than ever because of what you did. You've made us all look bad, and we can't let that go unanswered.
I'd be a better master than either of those two were.
I have not been here that long, but even I know that Gao the Lesser despises you. You certainly taught him a lesson.
Do I have to slaughter that thing for you to show me some attention?
I just hope that you will be all right in the cavern. Master Li has forbidden anyone else to go in there, and Student Lin says that place is dangerous.
You are polite, at least. Too many men just take what they can, while they can. Perhaps we women are more civilized.
You received:
True. That is the price that those in power must pay, and I do not shirk from my duty, but...
You are strong, but you do not know real power. *Our* strength lies in preparation.
Double Axes
Your Body score represents your physical hardiness and ability to withstand damage. *cod2**cod2*Health measures your physical endurance. When Health reaches zero, you die. You can regain health by using Chi Heal, picking up red Health power-ups during battle, or meditating at Spirit fonts.
Your Mind score represents your concentration and tactical awareness in combat.*cod2**cod2*Focus measures your ability to concentrate intently in battle. You use Focus when you wield weapons or enter Focus Mode to slow your enemies. You can recover Focus by picking up yellow Focus power-ups during battle, or by meditating at Focus Shrines.
Your Spirit score represents your inner strength and magical power.*cod2**cod2*Chi measures your spiritual energy. You use Chi to recover Health through Chi Heal, enhance your attacks, fuel Magic styles, and power Transformation styles. You can regain Chi by picking up blue Chi power-ups during battle, meditating at Spirit fonts, or using the Spirit Thief style to steal it from enemies.
Stone Immortal
Ice Shard
You are safe now, Fen. Hing sent me.
I heard the ruins are haunted by the ghosts of those that died in the flood.
We're sailors, we don't belong on land. If we could just get our ship back on the water, everything would be fine, but that won't happen until someone finds a way to close the dam.
With Old Mother Kwan back in charge, I can finally get a good cup of tea again!
Tempest
It's a shame this had to happen.
The poultice was only a painkiller. Next time, find your *own* solutions.
If you want to talk about the arena, you should talk to Soldier and not me. I try to stay clear of the other fighters.
You must be new around here. I may not care to spend time with the people who frequent this place, but I remember faces. What do you want with me?
Thank you for helping Soldier and me with that little wager. We should be able to live in comfort for some time on that sum.
Don't get too comfortable with your Silver Division championship. Soldier will have it back from you, eventually!
Yes? What do you want?
I've heard they sometimes recruit fighters here in the arena. Iron Soldier or the others might know the specifics, if they'll spare the time to tell you.
A fine statue, isn't it? Too bad no one bothers to pay it proper respect but me.
A fitting tribute to our leader, Emperor Sun, though no one else seems interested in venerating his rule.
I don't have the back for cleaning it properly anymore. I guess that's why they call me *cod6*Old*cod6* Ming.
Not many people seem interested in what Old Ming has to say, even if I've been here longer than anyone.
Oh, yes, I heard about that. Some fool girl out walking on the overlook, wasn't it? Serves her right for not studying or meditating, I say!
Well, there's no accounting for youth. She probably wants something to get her moving again, so I'd say you need a poultice made from red silk grass clippings.\n
Hmph... not to hear him tell it....
Try not to spend them all in one place unless you're trying to buy back your honor after shaming it so. Ha! Buy your respect, that's a good one.
I don't track every young person who flits about town. That was my wife's job, when she was alive.
That's not something I would know. I haven't been by the school in a long time.
Not in the slightest. Who knows what you young people do or where you go? Not Old Ming.
There is only one path out of the village, but past the fields it leads to the swamps, and I doubt she went there.
Not a friendly walk to make. All manner of miscreants look for shelter there.
Eh, if you wish, but I've only so many years left. Give me a jostle if I nod off.
This place is so full of navel-gazers that it's nice to see someone looking up and out for a change.
That would depend on who you ask. I suspect everyone would cast a single vote for themselves.
Master Li is the real leader here. Everyone looks up to him, and his word passes for law around these parts. His wisdom is unquestionable.
He teaches a lot at the school, but Gujin the weapon master helps out a lot around town, making him probably the most well liked man around.
A wise and skilled man. He has kept the peace in this village for twenty years like it was set in stone.
I don't know. He has never talked about what transpired to bring him here, or why he arrived with you under his arm.
I remember he seemed quite harried at the time, but he settled in quite quickly.
He could see the potential of this place, I think.
It was so long ago... what was his name? Con Sai? Song Gan? I think that was it. He was more concerned with trade than anything else.
Master Li set the village on a different path. Shortly after he arrived, Song Gan left. I am not sure what became of him.
But true. The throne will be mine someday. Who is to say that I should live in the shadow of my father and his traditions all my life?
Yes, you tried to tell me that already. I'm too old for games, child. Especially ones with such potentially disruptive outcomes.
He... said he was... Sun Li? Now child, it is not wise to lie to your elders. Especially ones not shy about boxing your ears.
What an odd thing to say. Sun Li. Hah! What a fuss that would cause. Twenty years unraveled.
It is folly to even imagine it, but if you insist.
Sun Li the Glorious Strategist died twenty years ago in a battle so tragic that only the Emperor knows the true details.
If he were alive, it would mean that the Emperor's word is questionable. For no other reason than that, it must be impossible.
And before you jump on it, I am well aware that Sun Li died near the time your Master Li arrived here with you.
Coincidence is the plaything of fox spirits. Tricks to twist the minds of mortals like us.
I think you're a bunch of noise-making hoodlums, no better than rabble. Then again, I think that of everyone.
For every Dawn Star there is a Gao. That should be enough to show my meaning.
If it isn't, I could talk all day and not help you.
Most are well liked, but as I said, there are exceptions.
You flatter an old man by indulging his stories more than once. I didn't think I was so interesting.
What would you have me speak about?
All my life. More years than I can remember. Very little has changed.
I used to grow rice. Now I live on a small stipend sent by my son. He has long since moved farther south in the Golden Delta.
He never comes to visit--typical--but the silver reminds me that he cares. If these bones get any more creaky, maybe I'll move down with him.
Good on you! History is best taught through stories. A teacher lecturing about the past is like listening to paper crumple when you want to hear a waterfall!
Hmm? Perhaps you think I have an affinity for spirits since I am close to becoming one myself? I'm not that old yet.
I keep my feet toward the earth and my head as straight in the opposite direction as I can manage. I wish others were as practical.
I have heard many ghost stories lately. Travelers talk of roads awash in spirits. I am quicker to blame that on bowls of wine than a glut of the dead.
That will be meaningless if Death's Hand keeps his hold on my father's mind. I fear one day he may try to... interfere with the Imperial succession.
You are too young to know what it was like. A decade of thirst with all the land cracked and bare. It was worst in the great cities.
Riots claimed hundreds of thousands of lives. Emperor Sun Hai put all his influence toward ending the drought and saved us all, but there was a cost.
Or perhaps convince my father that he should be Emperor by marriage.
I don't know where the front line was, or the name of the enemy, but the Emperor's own brothers, Sun Kin and Sun Li, were lost.
As I said, the Emperor corrected whatever great offense to the heavens that had afflicted the Empire and thus ended the drought.
That isn't answer enough for you, I know. For the young it never is.
In time, you will understand that the Emperor must deal with things that you are not meant to know or comprehend.
I have faith in the order of things. The Emperor knows things that I am not meant to.
If the fisherman sends his catch to market, does the customer need to know how to fish? No, he just knows that someone else does.
That is the order of things. It is real, and I know it works. Ghosts and shadows are tavern tales.
Oh, I don't dare speak of Emperor Sun. My words can't do proper justice to his glory. He is a hero to many.
Ending the drought earned him great respect, even if he no longer shows his influence this far from the walls of the Imperial City.
I would never suggest such a thing. He must simply have greater concerns elsewhere.
Master Li has commented that he much prefers that Two Rivers does not get any attention. It is a sign that all is well here.
Goodbye. I wish you luck finding Dawn Star.
For now? For as long as possible. Move along.
I wish you well.
Lina
Now that is not the proper tone for addressing your elders. Typical, but not the proper tone at all.
If you want my respect, you're going to have to pay for it.
Ha! I'll say. That's the problem with youth: It's impetuous enough to charge straight on with its eyes closed and gums flapping in the breeze.
Oh, you've got some spirit in you, you do! Spirit enough for an impetuous young snot who hasn't learned proper respect for elders!
You're finally here to talk to Master Li, are you? I certainly hope so. The old man is in there meditating, and he won't train me until he talks to you.
Ha! The senior student, Master Li's little lapdog, here to talk to me. My lucky, lucky day. Don't you have something more important to do?
You don't want my answer to that question. Go talk to one of your sandal-licking friends and let them tell you I'm jealous.
I'm sure Wen could stammer out an answer for you, something to make you feel all warm inside and just great about yourself.
Drunken Soldier
Think carefully about how much you value your arms before you speak that way again.
No, I wouldn't dishonor myself by beating a dog.
Might I ask some questions?
One of the students was wounded during the bandit attack.
Indeed we cannot. I would bite my own tongue before ever allowing that... *cod6*man*cod6* to touch me.
Do you know anything about Dawn Star's disappearance?
What are your thoughts on Two Rivers?
Who are the important citizens?
Give me your opinion.
What do you know about Master Li?
Master Li told me he was Sun Li the Glorious Strategist.
Why would it be so disruptive?
How are the students viewed?
Tell me about yourself.
How long have you lived in Two Rivers?
What do you do?
Can we talk a bit about the past?
You forget yourself. You should not try so hard to flatter a princess. The attentions of royalty have their own price.
And yet you accept the seemingly divine end of the drought?
Tell me about the Long Drought.
In any case, I would never allow Death's Hand such liberty. I would bite my own tongue before allowing that... *cod6*man*cod6* to touch me.
But what really happened?
You accept that, but you're too *cod6*practical*cod6* for ghosts?
Tell me about the Emperor.
Is the Emperor neglecting the borderlands?
Go away and stop bothering me, you old goat.
I am sorry. I spoke without thinking.
It's a proper enough tone for addressing senile old fools.
I'm ready right now, if you dare face me.
Everything's lost in the translation.
Actually, I wanted to talk to you a moment.
What did I do to earn this belligerence?
I haven't seen or heard anything. Someone else might have time to track you students, but I don't.
Only one, but it passes by the swamps. You don't want to travel through there alone.
Too many outlaws make their home in that marsh.
If you wish. What do you want to know?
Until word of bandits, the only notable trait of this sleepy town was an unwillingness to part with its silver.
Who could be more important than Master Li? He is the anchor of this town, and none question his wisdom.
No different from anyone else. If you keep to yourself, no one bothers you.
Well, *you* are always asking questions. That can be tiring.
Although I do prefer that over Gao's posturing. He is not well liked, but his father has money, so he gets his way.
I've never set my eyes beyond the horizon you can see from here. There must be someone else you could ask.
I send my thanks to the spirits for successful journeys just like everyone else. I don't have any special insight.
I grew up during the worst of it, but I don't remember much. Just the joy when the Emperor put an end to it.
Two Rivers was almost deserted by that time, but Master Li arrived soon after, and we've had peace ever since.
I don't know. That's why the Emperor is the Emperor and I'm content to be here. I don't need to worry about it.
There isn't much to tell. I'm just a simple merchant trying to ply his trade in a town that resists spending money.
Or so some choose to believe. It is probably better explained by a philosopher. I know as much as any person that has seen their share of death.
Good luck finding Dawn Star.
Do come back when the weight of your silver is slowing you down! Always happy to help.
Town Gate
You are not alone. We are also imprisoned, but if we do not resist in our own minds, we can lend our strength to you.
Student Si Pat probably tried to stop Gao. He paid for his duty with his life.
See these axes, Little man? Very soon they will be in use. If you move, I'll buy whetstones from you to sharpen them after. If you don't, I'll use your teeth.
Uh, yes, well, perhaps I will relocate for now. No need to get in people's way for no reason.
*That* is how you convince a merchant to do something. You owe me some wine.
This is too important. Allow me.
Now friend, you want to be helpful, don't you? Yes, and I want to help you. I can't do that if you put yourself in danger. Neither of us wants that, hmm?
Well, no, of course not. I wouldn't want to disappoint you. I'll get my wares moved right now. Sorry to be a concern.
*That* is how you make a man do what you want. Very useful in diplomacy.
Have a look for yourself.
I have nothing at the moment. I can't keep my stock up. People are scared to travel, which prevents goods from getting here. I must apologize.
And then spirited away, from the tale your lost friend told. Born while the brothers attacked this place, *cod6*killed*cod6* after Li was cast out. He never knew her.
If we're lucky, Dawn Star will bring us some sweets when she gets back!
Dawn Star's garden is peaceful, even when she's not here.
Dawn Star will be back sometime. She left us here to keep the garden safe!
Gao has murdered Student Si Pat.
The ruins here remind me of a town I visited once... or how it looked after I left, anyway. The people were very unfriendly.
I didn't know I was pissing on their ancestors' tombs; it was dark out. They attacked me, and now that town is one big tomb. Guess you can't piss there at all, now.
You gotta love pirates. All they do is drink, wench, and fight... and sometimes steal a little here and there, but nobody's perfect.
If we're lucky we might just find a few looking for a fight.
You know what I liked about Lord Yun? He didn't ask any questions. Well, that, and the silver. He was always generous with his silver. Good wine, too.
But mostly, I liked that he just left me alone.
What are you asking me for? You've got everything you need to make that flying machine go. So, let's go, already.
I'm looking forward to getting to the Imperial City. They've got the cheapest wine in all the Empire... and plenty of it.
I always knew he would do something really bad, but this does not make sense. Poor fellow. Si Pat just had arrived here at the school.
One can only hope that he did not harm Dawn Star. You should hurry....
Gao murdered Si Pat at the gate!
Since I heard of the death of that new student, I can't help but imagine Gao is behind Dawn Star's disappearance.
How many exits from the village are there?
I want to ask about the village.
Who is important around here?
Are there exceptions?
I want to ask a few things about the Jade Empire.
How was the drought stopped?
No, no, no, let me speak.
What do you have for sale?
Look here, you are limiting your future returns by not paying attention to market fluctuation. Your customer base is about to be... ah... truncated. Violently.
Well, if that's the case, perhaps I should make sure to accommodate as many people as possible. I don't want to be on the losing side of... anything.
*That's* how you appeal to a merchant. If you don't mind me saying.
Now, if there is nothing else, let me be.
How much silver?
Well, I can certainly see the wisdom in your words now. Sorry to have been an inconvenience. I'm sure we will get along wonderfully in the future.
Pah! Are you serious? Should I risk my neck for a pittance? Perhaps for five times that amount. Are you unfamiliar with the wrath of the Lotus Assassins?
Anyone here could kill me, but I am too valuable. Besides, there are witnesses over there who would tell your masters. You would be punished.
Plain threats are so unimaginative. Why should I keep listening to you?
Nothing if I want to keep my head. I serve when I am asked and act grateful when they pay me. They do what they do, and I keep my mouth shut.
Grand Inquisitor Jia barely tolerates me, but she sees the need for a merchant with good contacts. A golem army still needs construction materials, if not much else.
Tomorrow you could be dead, but I suppose a potential customer is valuable even here. What could you want, anyway? Recruits lose their desires soon enough.
Eh? Hmm, you certainly have the demeanor of an Assassin. I meant no disrespect. I just didn't expect someone to need my services outside official purchases.
Ah, you again. What can I do for you now? Because you are a rare Assassin with your own coins, Merchant Kia Jong stands ready to serve.
Yes, Master Shin will be inspecting them when they arrive, but there is no sign of them yet. Perhaps they were delayed in the Necropolis.
My name, if you are still of a mind to care about names, is Merchant Kia Jong. What can I do for you?
Did you? I have a niece by that name. Is she well?
She was born while he and his brothers attacked this place. She *cod6*died*cod6* after he was cast out. He has no reason to know her, or to think that she lives.
Everyone knows what happened to that new student, and who caused it. Gao the Lesser was always trouble, but this is new for him.
After losing face by failing his challenge, Gao must have decided that honor no longer matters.
I've heard about the new student. If Gao is capable of murdering someone in cold blood, he's capable of anything.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's the reason Dawn Star is missing. You have to find her and stop Gao.
Anyone could see that boy was trouble. Now it seems he's decided to fly his true colors.
You're the one looking for Dawn Star. Add it up in your head and tell me Gao the Lesser isn't involved in some way. Good for nothing, him.
I've learned that Gao killed one of the other students.
Had I spotted the boy, I certainly wouldn't have let him go by after something like that! That's just not right, killing off one of my customers.
Come to think of it, I did hear something odd, like someone was carrying a load and not enjoying it.
You aren't the Flower of the Fields that Hing mentioned?
Have either of you seen a man named Gao?
I don't care who was saved. I want my reward.
Take your squabbling elsewhere. I have more important things to do.
I don't have time for this. How many others are here?
I don't care. Some merchant offered a reward for his Flower of the Field.
The townsfolk commonly refer to him as Ru the *Drunken* Boatswain. He's upstairs. Actually, he might be *on* the stairs, passed out.
Ru left a while ago, quite drunk. He staggered down the steps and stumbled out the door. I believe he was mumbling something about Beggar's Pier. I'd check there.
You can remain in Demon Form until you run out of Chi.
Merchant Hing
Fen
Sing
Pai Zin
You flatter, sir. I am sorry not every student has earned such respect.
I do what I can, but the ghosts and bandits limit travel. They viciously force many caravans to turn back.
Ru, I know you keep saying you'll close the Great Dam as soon as you get your courage up, but it's been three days!
The Great Dam's closed now. While you were lying here drinking, someone else closed it. So you need to go back to your barge on Beggar's Pier!
Old Mother Kwan is trying to make this place respectable again. You can't stay here. Go close the dam!
Master Dutong isn't as generous as Old Mother Kwan used to be. You can't stay here anymore.
Oh, I'm sorry... Yanwan. Let me... let me buy you a drink! Two bowls of wine, and we'll drink a toast to a better time! Just add it to my tab. I'm good for it.
Ru, I don't have time for this! I have other customers to take care of. You have to leave now.\n
No, I'm really pretty sure I have to drink now. I need to get my courage up so I can go close the dam. Just another drink or two... or three. Maybe four. More wine!
You will? Thank the Emperor! I've lots of other work to do.
Wonderful, another troublemaker. Well, you two can rot for all I care. I have plenty of other work to do.
Eh? And who are you? More importantly, do you have any wine handy? Or can you get some?
My... my help? Nobody asks for my help. They don't even trust me enough to ride on my barge!
But I'm not some useless old drunk! I'll show 'em! That's why I volunteered to go close the Great Dam. Just need a drink or two to get my courage up, first.
No? But everybody's worried about the dam. Why else would you bother an old drunk like... oh. Oh no! You want to go to the pirate camp, don't you?
You can't be serious. True, my barge is the only way to get there. But the pirates are dangerous! Believe me, you don't want to go up there. Have some wine instead.
You... you did? Oh, well... good. I was going to do it myself--I really was--but now I guess I don't have to. Say, why don't we have a drink to celebrate?
Yes. The pirates. Can't forget about the pirates. Well, I promised to take you and I'm a man of my word... most of the time.
Okay! There's no call to yell at a man who needs wine as badly as I do! I said I'd take you to the pirates, and I'm a man of my word. Mostly.
Did you see Gao pass by here? He murdered another student.
What would happen if you did go above their limit on your bets?
Back already? Please tell me you are ready to leave this place. I keep expecting pirates to come and try to steal my wine! Oh, and my barge, too.
Thank goodness! Hold on, we're leaving!
She's already gathered the few things she brought with her and has left for the east. It seems that none of our fighters will learn her techniques.
I assume the others let you keep your title out of pity. You're far too old to have kept it through skill.
Then why are you standing here talking to me? Go do whatever you must do, and let's leave! If you happen to see any wine, bring that back with you.
Hello again. I'm just enjoying the fine air here by the docks. Rotted fish and vomit... reminds me of home. Actually, it is home. What can I do for you this fine day?
[Success] Now, look... there's no need to get hasty here. All my things are scattered around. In graves and stuff. Here, just take... take this silver and leave me alone!
I'll handle this.
Bring the man some wine!
Go away. I must speak to this man.
I am *cod7*FullName*cod8*. I need your help.
My name is unimportant. I need your help.
Quit your blubbering, slug! I need your help.
I need you to take me to the pirate camp.
I'm not asking about the dam, foolish drunk!
That's right. And you're going to take me.
I already closed the Great Dam.
Let's celebrate after I've finished with the pirates.
No more drinks! Take me to the pirates now!
Let's go back to Tien's Landing.
You again? I'm sorry, but I have no time, even if you are a fan. I have to keep watch for our replacement actor. He's quite tardy!
Is that... is that so? Well, an unfortunate turn. I thank you for the news. I will make sure her mother is notified.
Big. Yes, I can see that. Well, Big Tian, my name's Ai Ling. I haven't seen you around town before; I'd remember someone like you.
Master Li carried me back here by himself. Sometimes I forget how strong he truly is.
Do you think you can train?
The Mother has not seen fit to tell me of her imprisonment, yet. In time she will reveal all, and I will learn of her clever plan!
Yeah, I ain't never been to the big city before. Usually I stay out on my farm. But my old father told me it's time to get me a wife so... you want to get married now?
It must have been clever indeed, for she allowed herself to be captured and bode her time until we, her perfect children, could hear her truth.
Bite your tongue, thin-blood. You have done us a favor, but if you taunt us, you will just go into the pot like the others!
You are so very stupid. What the Mother has given us is no curse! This is power!
We eat the flesh of your kind, and its energy makes us strong! The Mother has beautified us in return for serving her.
You should not speak about killing the Mother. It is a sacrilege that makes our blood boil with rage!
The Mother drew strength from the ghosts, correct?
How did the Forest Shadow imprison the Mother?
Her clever plan?
It sounds like you're making excuses for your mistress.
What if I destroyed the Mother? Would you be free of her curse?
I think it's time we settled this.
[Lie] I saw no one. Why do you ask?
Have you lost many people to the Forest Shadow?
Why would you send someone alone for help?
Why has she been attacking people from the inn?
How did you plan to deal with her?
Not for some time, unless I can find some way to heal this wound quickly.
What sort of prize?
Did he say how you could earn this reward?
I have a poultice that should help your wound.
[Lie] It was only twenty five silver.
It ended up costing me fifty silver.
It was only twenty five silver.
[Lie] I hope it's worth the fifty silver it cost me.
I should have expected my return would not go unnoticed.
There's no need to repay me. I couldn't just leave you wounded.
Is there anything I can do to help with your wound?
Would this herb heal you quickly enough that you could fight again?
Do you remember if the herb grows around here?
How much would something like that cost?
Where would I find Old Ming?
I've held them off this long, but I can't fight them any more.
Forget this wounded bitch. That one's a real challenge.
I'll find a way to keep these people safe. Go quickly after you show these dogs a lesson. There are others in the school!
This fool wench's leg was ready to fall off and she thought she could fight us. Maybe we didn't teach her enough of a lesson.
You're a sick bastard, you know that?
Forget her. We've got company, and this one looks healthy.
This is a great honor. A good weapon is a true warrior's most treasured possession.
I did not know her well. It is a loss to the family, but endangering myself will not help that. If I could live on morals alone, I wouldn't be dealing with the Assassins at all.
Of course. What do you require?
That is good to hear. It's been years. She was training at some out-of-the-way school, if I recall. Were you a classmate? What does she look like now?
Hmm... that doesn't sound like her. Perhaps it was a different Min. Is there anything else you require?
Yes, that sounds like Min. Her mother wears it that way. Since you are a friend of the family, I'll give you a bit of a discount.
You can enjoy it until the Lotus Assassins strip your will, anyway.
Well, it is a big Empire. I have not seen her for years. She was training at some out-of-the-way school, if I remember.
Is there anything else you require?
This and that. I don't stock much for the individual Assassins. I mostly bring in large parts or supplies for their machines. Have a look.
Eh? Yes, I carry a reserve of that. They must have you running the press. I suppose you need more? I'm not surprised. That machine runs all day and all night.
Here, take this clay pot, but be careful. This stuff burns much hotter than any other kind of oil. Is there anything else you need?
Ready to go out and see the world, are you? That makes sense to me. There's a lot of wonder to see in the Jade Empire.
Yes, what are you trying to say?
I have nothing against you, but some of the things you claim to see.... It just doesn't seem right.
There's no reason to behave like that.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't pester you with my questions. Is there something you need?
You have to find Gao and make him pay for what he's done!
[The fuel hopper contains some cinnabar ore, but there is a separate section. The configurations likely need specialized fuels to make them effective.]
[You rummage through your pack looking for something that this machine might use as fuel.]
[You place the ingot in the hopper.]
[The vial slips easily into a small side recess in the hopper. It seems to fit perfectly.]
[The carefully alloyed iron rests easily in a small indentation in the bottom of the fuel hopper. The fit is too close to be mere coincidence.]
[There are small recessed settings in the side of the fuel hopper. Somehow, you're not surprised that the rubies fit perfectly.]
[How Lord Lao managed to predict the shape of a stone formed in a cow's gullet you'll never know, but a small round cup in the fuel hopper holds the bezoar securely.]
[You clear out the contents of the hopper's special fuel receptacle.]
[Load a new fuel into the hopper.]
[Place a Cinnabar Ingot.]
[Set down a vial of sulfurous water.]
[Place a bar of nickeled iron.]
[Place the rubies known as Eyes of the Void.]
[Place a Cow Bezoar.]
[Empty the receptacle.]
Sun Li does not look with the eyes of a father. His gaze does not seek life. She was appraised as a tool, just as you were, but her potential did not hold his interest.
The loss of his family hides his ambition, perhaps even from himself. It may benefit you to reveal this, but my body must also die.
How can I do this? I know his child lives, but how can I find it?
Dawn Star must have been born in the palace.
That is not possible. Why didn't Li recognize her?
Uh, what the hell is going on?
If you have those resources, why not do this yourself?
Yes... well said.
A great bounty hunter, to have dealt with two cases in so little time. Your work is not done, though.
There's something... very odd about this man, but I can't say what.
Allies have no greater strength than in your own heart. I will be the conduit. I will show them the way.
As you see, I know little about the celestial powers. I knew less before Sun Li asked this service of me. I thought such beings were beyond physical assault. I was mistaken.
Weapon Master Gujin
Two Rivers Town Gate
Merchant Fen Do
Now why would I want to do that? Moving my wares is a noisy, heavy task, and I do as little as possible to disrupt the workings of this place.
Cut - Documents
Cut - *cod15*Description of Furnace Documents
Ghost Girl Toy
*cod15*Description of Ghost Girl Toy
Ghost Girl Chopstick
*cod15*Description of Ghost Girl Chopstick
Ghost Girl Diary
*cod15*Description of Ghost Girl Diary
Temple Doors
Master Radiant wants you to defeat each of the brothers to prove that your first fight was more than just luck. Your next opponent is Fifth Brother Shangjin.
Defeat Fifth Brother Shangjin
Find Fifth Brother Shangjin and challenge him to a fight.
The Mold Masters
The Sorcerer
[This sturdy door cannot be opened at this time.]
[These massive gates are sealed shut and cannot be opened at this time.]
[You must hold the bridge at all costs. There's no time to return to the inner courtyard.]
Master Radiant wants you to defeat each of the brothers to prove that your first fight was more than just luck. Your next opponent is Fourth Brother Yu.
Defeat Fourth Brother Yu
Find Fourth Brother Yu and challenge him to a fight.
Well
Minister Sheng has heard that the pirates trouble us no more! The always active and dynamic Sheng also learned that you may have had some part in this happy turn of events.
If so, you have my thanks. But even more so, you have my impatience... because while you are busy killing pirates, the Great Dam still sits open and the town still dies!
You aren't really the sharpest knife in the rack, are you, Tian?
Hey, that's what my old father always says about me! He also says the key to farming is hard work and happy thoughts.
Just don't strain yourself. We're all glad you're back safe and sound.
I wonder, does it matter? Could the approaching soldiers match the damage already done to my world? I'm so confused. About Master Li, about what Zu did... about you.
I know. You have made me see that I have to stand on my own.
Beach
Deduct the full amount from my winnings, then. You have a deal
Temple Door
Violet switch
I crush you!
I make you goo!
Raar!
Smash!
A good fight!
Break everything!
I'm better now!
I'm... sick.
Hraaagh!
This is the one our mistress mentioned when last she returned.
We will take you....
The demons come again! Human, if you value your life, help us against these fiends!
With enough influence and bribes in the right places, I acquired their permission to make use of one of their maps.
Fuel isn't that hard to come by around the Imperial City, even though it is in short supply around these parts.
Shipeng
The tricky part is acquiring a wind map that will cover the distance. I managed to pry one from the Lotus Assassins.
From your questions, I'd say you have a flyer at your disposal, which seems unusual.\n
It would take a resourceful person to acquire a device like that, and I believe that resourceful people know how to get things done. Especially when properly motivated.
Where did you acquire a wind map that would cover the distance?
How did you find the fuel for the trip?
Look, I know I ain't the smartest guy, but I work hard, and I'll treat you real good. I got a nice farm, and I just need someone who ain't afraid of helping me work it.
Enough preaching, I have questions.
Why would I want help from a broken man like you?
All damage in this style is increased by 25%.
I'm not suggesting that you should take him up on this--not I! But I will say that some silver would help in our mission.
What? You must not do this! Master Li would weep from shame.
Your companion is lovely, but she has no mind for business. I, however, am more reasonable. I'll buy the girl from you, for the same price I was going to give Gao.
I don't like where this is heading. What are you planning?
My friend, I am not the nicest of men... but even I shrink from this. Must a philosophy be proven upon so young a woman?
I beg you... don't do this. She's seen enough!
How far do you want to carry this accusation, blind one?
All damage in this style is increased by 50%.
Good, you're here. We can continue where we left off before.
You've got unfinished business with us, first!
(Sigh) There are important matters at hand, yet you fellows keep interrupting. I'm surprised you're this eager to get another beating so soon.
This time we brought some friends to even up the odds!
You certainly look like Li's top student, though there's something odd about how you fight. I can't put my finger on it. It doesn't matter, the sailors won't bother us again.
Lost friends. Thank you for keeping their memory with us.
We can get back to business. Sun Li gave me instructions to await you if... if anything should happen. I have prepared for this day for well over a decade.
But I refused to believe he was dead. In time, my faith was confirmed. He sought me out and told me what really happened. I swore my loyalty to him on the spot.
I was back at the camp when I heard the sounds of battle. I got here as fast as I could, though obviously I arrived too....
It's been a long time, Zu. I haven't seen you since... that night. I did as you asked. The child is safe. I made sure of that.
I know. After we spoke, I followed you. I... I wanted to be sure she was given a good home. You did well, Hui.
Hui and I knew each other long ago. She was a soldier, and I... I needed her help. There was a child... an orphan. I knew Hui could find a good home for her.
No, you were *not.* Not everything is about you. People are living their lives across the Jade Empire, and most have no connection to you at all.
She was just a girl. Her parents were... dead. I couldn't look after her, and I knew Hui by reputation. I knew she would find a good home for her.
She's... safe. That's all you need to know; she doesn't concern you. Besides, we don't have time to worry about something that happened almost twenty years ago.
Hard lessons. Skills that will allow me to avenge the loss of that life.
Master Li told me who he was because I am his student. How do you know?
We are not acolytes of your petty master. You have no authority over us. Unless you are challenging two full Lotus Assassins to combat, you should step back.
The Unfinished Tomb
You are foolish, acolyte. You invite death for no reason!
This act by the Emperor is why Master Li went into hiding?
The Emperor destroyed my people to take the Water Dragon's power?
No wonder Master Li hates the Emperor!
I can't believe Master Li abandoned his family.
Why did Master Li do this? What's so special about me?
So be it. You'll learn the hard way!
Restrictions. Always being held back. I'm free of that now.
None
Spirit Monk Ghost
I like fancy tricks. Especially when it involves me not having to fight. But if you do this, that boy cleaning the pier is as dead as the rest of them.
Your friend's right about the kid, but I still think you should use the rope. Less work for you.
Track Down Fading Moon
[Failure] Zhong hurt ox, Zhong can hurt you. Zhong is bad.
Full
Xian Wu
We just have to keep going. That's all we can do.
Yes, Great Mistress. It is all so clear now. I will do as you say, and the Spirit Monks shall avenge the great slaughter of twenty years ago!
Just figured that out, did you?
I am glad to hear you say what I was thinking.
A completely unfair assertion! After all...
[Charm] You're not bad, you're strong. Dong needs your help.
[Intimidation] This is your chance to go back to the farm without a broken leg. Take it.
You again? What do you want now? Can't you shee we're busy?
Wonderful! And since you helped me out with Tong, you can have the preferred customer rate.
Very well. My selection improves by the day, and I hope that soon I will have something with which to entice you.
Wait! Shtop hitting me! Jusht take the figurine. Take it.
I didn't mean to cause no trouble. *hic* I jusht wanted the figurine cause it reminds me of my ma, is all. I ain't seen her in sho long... *sniff*
Sorrows? What do you mean?
You stole a figurine from Merchant Cheung.
[Failure] Ha! If you try that, the whole city will be down on you faster than you can say... can say... something really fast!
Ha ha! My charm works again!
What an odd little man. It is as if a rat and a monkey mated.
This fellow may have taken a few too many blows to the head.
Chai Ka: Mortals can be so strange at times....
You know, there are several diseases that will result in a person appearing mad. They usually result from inbreeding or lack of cleanliness.
Why belittle a fellow student? He has not insulted your ability.
I am fine where I am, so leave me be.
I don't see how.
[Success] I see. So things might be getting... complicated around here, hmm? I can see the benefit in being flexible in such circumstances.
I will move my wares down to the central chambers. If anyone asks, I will say it is because my wares require the chill of the inner rooms.
Even if my old joints find them a bit taxing. Very well. Come see me in the central chambers if you want to purchase anything.
[Failure] No, I don't think I see your point. As dangerous as this place is, it gets more so if I start changing my routine. I don't like that.
Routines? Nothing we do is routine. Let me handle this.
Abbot Song has done all he can for us. For too long he has been apart from his brethren. Now he can finally join them... though their ultimate victory will be up to you.
A great evil awaits, and only you have the power to defeat it. Destroy the creature corrupting my temple. Do this and the restoration of Dirge will be complete.
With Dirge restored, a great portion of my power will return. I will be able to grant rest to my loyal servants and help you back to the land of the living. But beware!
The true corruption of Dirge rests in the temple, where Emperor Sun Hai struck me down. That desecration drew terrible things to Dirge. Beings not part of the natural order.
An abomination has gorged itself for two decades on the pain and suffering released with my murder. Twenty years growing strong, feasting on the death of a god.
Gem to Combine
All creatures, all spirits--even the gods--have their place, but this nameless *thing* is not truly part of our existence. It is a manifestation of all that is wrong in our world.
Sun Hai disrupted the natural order, and unknowingly gave birth to a mindless evil driven only by instinct and hunger. It feeds and it grows... and now you must destroy it.
I cannot aid you in this battle; the very taint that feeds your enemy keeps me from entering. Destroy it, cleanse my temple, and I will speak with you inside.
The taint is destroyed! My temple is cleansed. Dirge is restored! After twenty years, my spirit may once more return to my temple.
Your loyalty is noble, your service appreciated. You show the humble traits of a true Spirit Monk. But there is still much to do.
Your words reveal that which is least pleasing about you. No true Spirit Monk would be so selfish... though I blame Li and his training for this, not you.
I can act now... but not for long. Sun Li will soon command all of my power. To complete my restoration you must return to the mortal world. Find my body and destroy it!
Come to think of it, there's nothing I really need to ask you.
Sun Hai devoured my heart, but he needed time to siphon my power. He kept my body from dying, trapped between life and death, held like a trophy in his Imperial Palace.
That was how he ended the drought. You must find my body and kill it, so that when you defeat your former master, my power is free to dissipate. Until then, I cannot be reborn.
Be prepared. Sun Li will not fall as easily as his brother. The Emperor had to proceed slowly; Sun Li has used the amulet to take much more power far more quickly.
He has grown so strong that he cannot be defeated while my body still lives... not even by you. You must find my body in the palace and destroy it before you face him.
I have called your allies to Dirge. Not the spirit realm where we are now, but to the Dirge that exists in the mortal world. You will meet them there when you are restored.
I am the Shepherd of the Dead. I can restore your life, though the act will drain me of what little power I reclaimed and may expose you to even more danger.
The maddened spirits that swarm this realm hunger for passage anywhere. I will not be able to stop them following you. But there is no other way.
The second fountain is restored. The gates to the temple courtyard have opened!\n
It is difficult for her to make her presence felt, even here in the spirit realm. When Dirge fell, her very essence was corrupted.
You speak as if restoring Dirge was some minor task! Remember, when Dirge fell, the very essence of the Water Dragon was corrupted.
You have done well, mortal, but your journey is far from over. Time grows short and we must act quickly if we are to stop your Master Li.
Your Master, Sun Li the Glorious Strategist, betrayed you. He killed you to claim the power of the Emperor--my power--as his own. You... are dead.
But in the moment of your death, I seized your spirit, drawing you to this nether realm between the living and the dead.
I am the Water Dragon, immortal guardian of the path to the underworld. I shepherd the dead, leading them to my holy temple in Dirge, the gateway to the afterlife.
Once that was true. As immortal guardian of the paths to the underworld, I guided spirits through this realm. I led them to Dirge, gateway to the afterlife.
But twenty years ago, the Emperor and his brothers attacked Dirge. They burned my temple, slew my servants, and defiled my body so the Emperor could claim my power.
I no longer have the power to guide the dead; they wander aimlessly until they go mad. Only the Emperor's death spared you from a similar... unh!!
This is... difficult for me. I am stronger here than in the mortal world, where I could only appear to you in brief visions. But even speaking here exacts a great toll.
When Emperor Sun Hai fell, I reclaimed some of my power, enough to call your spirit here. But now I am fading once more. Sun Li consumes my energy.
Your former Master has long desired power, to impose his will on the Empire. His plan took years to form, but the prize was too grand to let go to waste on his brother's madness.
He consumes my essence to become a god, but he does not yet fully control his power. That is why I could bring you here, and why we can speak now.
My strength wanes. We must act quickly. For you to fulfill your destiny, I must send you to Dirge *now,* while Sun Li struggles to control his new found power.
The Glorious Strategist knows patience. Li has planned this for twenty years. When Dirge fell, he rescued you only because he believed you were a tool he could use.
The Emperor claimed my power. Only a Spirit Monk could face him. Li came to know this, so he raised you, trained you... and cast you aside when your task was done.
You will learn this and more, but we must move quickly. When he discovers what I have done, he will try to seal this realm and prevent me from sending you to Dirge.
You are the last of the Spirit Monks, sworn guardians of the Water Dragon! You are bound by the legacy of your ancestors to undo what the Emperor and Li have done!
My temple at Dirge is defiled. I do not have the power to restore you to life. But I can send your spirit to Dirge, so you may cleanse the taint corrupting my holy sanctum.
Hurry! If you restore the fountains of Dirge, I can restore you to life. If you do not, Master Li will become... unstoppable!
There is... no time. Go to Dirge before Li seals the portal.
Be wary in Dirge. It is corrupted; dark spirits lurk there. You will need all the abilities you command... for they are yours even without the amulet. I will explain when I am able.
Seek out... Abbot Song. He will help you. Restore... the fountains of Dirge. Restore my... restore my power, and I will speak to you again....
The first fountain has been restored. You have done well.
What's going on here?
Where are we? How did I get here?
Wait. I want to ask you some questions.
Now, stop wasting my time. If you don't want to buy something, and you don't have a ghost you want a reward for, then let me do my job in peace.
You do that. Now if there's nothing else...?
Under protest! Gao does not appreciate what I make. He misuses, and worse, he duplicates and diminishes their glory. Well, no more. The Dragonfly will not function.
Ah, but you should! I can... I can make the Dragonfly work for you... maybe. Better you than Gao. He misuses my creations, diminishing their glory through duplication.
Well, you know where to find me.
Did you hear that rumbling? It must have shook the entire hill! The Emperor's Tomb... it's... it's collapsed!
I don't doubt it. They could probably feel it all over the city!
It is a bad omen, there's no doubt about that. The Emperor's own tomb... I fear the spirits will be even more troublesome after this.
Maybe I should consider a job in the countryside.
Is there anything else you need?
I know it's more dangerous now, but have you reconsidered the job offer? You want it?
Ha! You seem confident about your abilities, but some things are beyond the scope of mere mortals.
A farm, eh? I've spent my whole life living in the town. I'm not sure I want to leave Tien's Landing.
[Success] I can't argue with that. And I'm the kind of woman who doesn't mind getting her hands dirty with a little hard work.
That's good, 'cause sometimes you get real dirty out on the farm. 'Specially when it rains.
I think I'd like to talk to Tian a little bit more... in private. We need to get to know each other better.
How could I not notice? They probably felt it all across the city!
He doesn't understand that multiples diminish the glory of any creation, weakening them all. The Marvelous Dragonfly deserves better. I'll take my chances with you.
Gao wants to give my machine to the Lotus Assassins. But I stopped him. I hid the Extraneous Dust Inductor where no one will find it. Ha! Try to fly without that!
I want to talk about one of your troublesome ghosts.
On second thought, I'll kill you instead.
Dragonfly Controls
I've put her to rest.
Shocked
Someone must have seen Gao.
How can you call yourself a merchant if you have nothing to sell?
Sagacious Zu was tight-lipped. You ask the impossible.
I don't want to talk to you. You're the reason Kai Lan is dead!
Do you know who I am? I was? Happy Endings, his personal courtesan!
I had a good thing going with the Serpent! He paid a handsome fee, but he never trusted me enough to make use of my services!
Now that's all gone. Thanks a lot!
Aren't you a sight? I am Happy Endings, famed courtesan, and it is a pleasure to greet you.
Especially such a fine figure of a man. So many men are made... soft by city life.
One word: Wow.
She's practically undressing you with her eyes! How... lewd!
Notice the painted face? She only pretends to beauty.
No, they're never interested in Zu, are they?
Ya Zhen: She chose *cod6*Happy Endings*cod6* as her working name? Subtle.
You're talking to the wrong lady, master. That's the waitress over there. You know, the one *with* the wine?
I would love to chat with you, and learn more about you, but alas, I can't.
I'm on exclusive retainer with the proprietor of this place, and he does get so jealous. Farewell, gorgeous.
I really shouldn't talk long, however. I'm under an exclusive agreement with the proprietor of this place, and he gets such wild fancies.
Better not to pique his interest by talking to a lovely lady such as yourself.
I'm sorry, but I really should keep to myself. The proprietor of this place can be so possessive.
Suc 3
Your wish, Master?
That weakling is not present. Allowing him to rejoin this body would have resulted in its destruction. You wisely chose otherwise.
My will is my master's. Kin was pushed aside, forced to watch as his form embodied the darkest wishes of Sun Hai, then Sun Li, and now you.
I am a projection... I cannot exist without your evil.
I am a servant. I was told only enough to function as the leader of the Lotus Assassins. My every thought is an extension of my master.
I am capable of nothing else.
Is the spirit of Sun Kin still within you?
If Kin is not present, what consciousness guides this body?
Can you tell me anything of Master Li's plans?
Be ready for battle.
I want nothing. Be ready for battle.
Must my slavery be a source of such amusement for you?
You are not amusing, Princess.
You should be grateful we are still interested in subtlety. We could very well have decided to storm the main doors.
Ha! You thought that the last visit was easy? This should be more fun than even I could've hoped for.
I'm staying here. For safety!
Who were those people I saw in here earlier?
I'll see what I can do.
A welcome reinforcement.
I'm not here for you, fool.
Why would both of you be here?
I'm glad you came. I have a little proposal for you, kid. I'm sure you've met Pretty Li-Li in your time here.
Lotus Acolyte Go Rin
Yaoru's arrogance nearly earned him a kick in the head, and it ended any chance of Ai Ling considering him as a husband. But if you find someone else, she'll still pay you a suitable finder's fee.
Fail 1
Accept
You're being awfully helpful to a stranger.
Idiot! She's obviously a spy! Kill her!
Unless we can find a way to remove these ghosts, though, I'll be stuck here warning people away from this place until I'm driven out by the dead.
Luckily for us both, I employ one of the best hunters in all of the southern provinces. He's the one I'm going to send you to meet.
You can't resist!
I'm afraid that I can spare no men. Given that you were attacked when we were away only briefly, I'll need all these men to keep this camp secure.
As far as supplies are concerned, Spear Catches Leaf--whom I'm sending you to meet--carries a good stock of supplies. He may have something he can part with.
Go safely. I have a feeling that you're my best hope in this place.
How am I supposed to find her? I'm no tracker.
Will you provide me with any men or supplies?
I know what I need to do, but I want to know more about this area.
You want to take the guards on face to face, I won't stop you. Still think you should use the rope, though. Tough break for the kid cleaning the pier, but much easier for you.
What? You'd hurt an innocent just to avoid a simple fight? You could defeat those pirates easily. There's no need to resort to these tricks.
But whatever you're going to do, do it quick. Won't be long until those pirates on the dock start wondering what's taking me so long with their wine.
You wait much longer, they'll notice I'm not back. You'll lose the element of surprise.
There's no time for questions! Not now. You've got to deal with those pirates before they realize I'm gone. After that, I'll answer all the questions you want.
Don't worry, I'm on your side. I hate every pirate in this place. They beat me, they kick me, they spit on me, they humiliate me... it's only a matter of time until they kill me.
Good, good. Go give those drunken louts what they got coming.
I'm just here to replace my flyer.
Access XBox Live features
You're headed the wrong way. The big fight's down there, and there's no time to waste.
When you say the word, we're ready to leave. I'm looking forward to seeing the Imperial City again; I appreciated the hectic pace when I was there.
Remember that hazards such as cannonballs can be deadly to both you and your enemies.
When we reach the Imperial City, we'll have a whole host of new problems. You have to love a challenge.
I only spent enough time in Tien's Landing to learn the location of Gao the Greater's stronghold.
It's a nice enough place, though they're still adjusting to the flooding of the old town some years ago.
These ruins were the original Tien's Landing, before the dam's construction flooded them. That pretty much exhausts my knowledge of the area.
This forest was once one of the most beautiful in the Empire. In the past few months it has grown sickly, and the roads through it are closed.
No one is sure if ghosts are to blame for the disease, but they swarm among the dark trees, making travel through the forest next to impossible.
Always happy to help.
Do you have a minute to talk?
Any thoughts on what we're doing?
You were there before? Mind telling me a little more about your past?
Each Harmonic Combo produces a specific power-up. Try using different combos to get the power-up you need.
We hurried down as quickly as we could, but I see you had the situation well in hand. I'm impressed; not many people can disperse the spirits of the dead with any ease.
What do you know about this area?
[Intimidation] Speak! It's your boy's life at stake here.
They should know better than to test me. Those dogs will suffer.
Leader Boards
What are you doing with that rope?
Space
He seems sincere. It might be foolish to place our trust in someone so fond of wine, but I believe he'll be there when we need him.
The wine on this man's breath makes me doubt his words, but the look in his eye tells me he'll be there when we need him.
You are the talk of the town, great one. They say you wiped out the pirates. Never again will they trouble Tien's Landing!
Let me add my thanks to that of the rest of the town. It is nice to have one less thing to worry about. We have more than enough troubles here already.
The dam is closed once again. Tien's Landing may yet survive, and it is all because of you, most honorable stranger!
Yes, yes. Of course. What do you think I've been saying? You need to listen more carefully.
Wait, wait! Haven't you been listening? I have a plan. A deal. I can help you against Gao and the Lotus Assassins. I can let you soar like a big fat metal bird.
What are you doing? Get away from my daughter, you disgusting dog!
I wish I could believe that. I feel like everything I have known is a lie.\n
The gates between here and the poorer districts will be closed for some time while repairs are underway. There's nothing particular about the scene of the crime, just ash.
She knows the details of the theft better than I. Lord Rento was... reluctant to discuss them. Yukong could be anywhere or anyone, and Lady Rento is the only lead we have.
Aishi? What are you doing here? You're a wanted criminal! You can't be here!
It's time I paid for my crimes.
What? No! Guards!
Your men will be dead before they can get within three paces of me, Captain. Don't order them to their deaths.
I already owe you one lifetime of pain; do not bring more than that upon yourself.
She's mad! She means to kill me! You, protect me! I'll double the bounty!
Damn you both! You're both going to waste away between worlds. I'll make sure the underworld won't take your rotting corpses!
What about that slave cleaning the dock?
Fading Moon was last seen heading for the Necropolis. She must still be hiding there somewhere.
I don't have time to deal with you.
Will you help me against Gao and the Lotus Assassins?
Description of Leader Boards, strref 66317
Friends
Good point. Let me try the rope.
I won't hurt an innocent!
Description of Friends, strref 66370
You know, that's a good idea. I tend to focus on myself more than others. Perhaps I can learn some new tricks. Thanks for the encouragement.
Blacksmith Shop
Why? Thinking about trying to steal me away from Soldier? You don't stand a chance! I need a man, not a boy.
Dire Flame*cod2*Base moves
All attacks inflict 100% more damage.*cod2*Healing rate is doubled.
Pay attention when you fight. Make the enemies' moves your own.
What is it?
Glad to have you aboard, Sky.
You must spend your remaining Ability Points before you continue.
I'm ready. Send me to Dirge.
You knew I would come here? You knew I would die?
I understand. What must I do now?
Dirge Inner Gate
Dirge Outer Gate
Help! Someone! They are all over the beach! Bandits!
Hold your tongue, old man. This village is ours!
We have to help! Be careful, these louts will show no mercy.
Someone, please!
Kill anyone in our way! We'll strip this village bare!
I can't face them alone!
You can't fight us! There's no one to help you! Ha ha!
The Cataclysm
*cod2*Many tales circulate of the travels of the Water People, but one of the most disturbing tales comes from far to the west, beyond the Ocean of Tempus. Rumors persist of an area in the middle of the western ocean that is inhospitable to life. The farther one travels across the Ocean of Tempus, the warmer the climate becomes. Many have postulated that this may be because you approach the resting place of the sun, but there must be another explanation, not shrouded in myths and superstition.*cod2**cod2*Of particular note are reports of an enormous cloud that rises miles into the air, visible to those few brave enough to travel the increasingly rough seas of Tempus. At night, this cloud glows with heat, and its acrid smell carries on the wind. Those who approach too closely fall ill. The few ghost ships found in that area were filled with desiccated corpses, their skin rotting and their hair and teeth falling from their bodies. One particularly disturbing log, penned in the shaking hand of a dying captain of one of these lost craft, suggests that the skies were filled with a roar like the cries of the gods, and it finishes with the unfortunate man's wish that death take him before the howling demons descend upon him.
The Undertow
*cod2*The farther east one goes across the Ocean of Glass, the colder and drier the air becomes. Modern scholars have struggled to understand this phenomenon, but to no avail. If one travels far enough, the sea currents all change, drawing east, just as all winds begin to draw in the same direction. Myths persist, however, of something greater, an ancient devouring evil detailed in the legends of the barbarian savages who line among the isles of the Glass Ocean. The legends tell of a voracious creature, a great demon trying to draw the entire world into its maw. An expedition sent during the Star Dynasty to discover the truth of these legends never returned and was presumed lost at sea.
The Mysterious East
*cod2*Scholars know little about the culture that lies across the Glass Ocean. The tribes of that land have a sizeable amount of gold and a near insatiable demand for silk and spices. They also seem able to manufacture metals to an astounding degree, though perhaps not in as sophisticated a manner as our master tradesmen. Still, something on the other side of the Glass Ocean bears investigation. Unfortunately, few trade fleets have ever successfully made the passage, and those trade caravans that do pass follow a circuitous route through unenlightened peoples hostile to the Jade Empire.
Why can I still use the amulet if Master Li took it?
Master Li is using my amulet against you?
I stopped the Emperor; I can stop Li!
I will go restore the second fountain right now.
Just restore me to life, and I'll deal with Li.
Do you want to leave the current area?
I could have used the abbot's help.
Will the other spirits really listen to him now?
He's probably just going to fail again.
Was all that just an excuse to get rid of him?
And this will free the Spirit Monks?
Then you'll bring me back to life?
What's waiting for me inside the temple?
About time. Let's get this over with.
But what is it, exactly?
I will cleanse this abomination from your temple!
If it can die, then I can kill it.
It was an honor to serve, Great Mistress.
We still have to deal with Li.
I only did this so you'd bring me back to life.
I thought I was supposed to kill Li.
Destroy your body? I don't understand.
And what about Li?
I sense an embarrassing story. It is good to know that we should avoid the subject.
I sense an embarrassing story. I can't wait to find out what happened.
Pay? Couldn't we just help this man without trying to make a profit from it?
I am grateful to the lady for her thought, but I am also a merchant, so I understand the way of the world.
Everywhere we go, people ask you to do dangerous things. Remind me not go anywhere with you.
How can I let the past go when my very reason for existing in this world still is her? She was everything to me in life, and is so in death, as well.
Really, we don't have to, you know. This is a distraction from your main concern.
I destroyed him.
Grr... You think you can? After all I've been through, I won't be cheated of my revenge!
I put his spirit to rest.
You don't remember? Have you been drinking?
You've earned quite a name for yourself. At least they didn't get your appearance right. Let's find out what else they know.
Are you drunk? We met him already. Next time you go drinking, take me with you.
I am Captain Ing. This is my ship, the Lucky Night. My crew and I were trapped here in Tien's Landing when the river drained.
Ha! Good, good. You have proved most useful. When Shen gets around to burying her, her spirit and mine will have a little... talk. Yes....
But you have proved a faithful servant, and I will reward you for that. Here.
How low the mighty have fallen. Tsk.
It is terrible to see the once proud captain this way.
Well, there's a fellow who's seen better days.
Let us not torment this man. He is broken, leave him be.
At least your companion has some honor. Does it make you feel good to say such things to me?
You can be better than this, Captain.
Strange that a little girl should display more honor than the adult who accompanies her. As for you, does it make you feel good to say such things?
Well, you score high points for honesty. Not so much for prudence.
You didn't need to tell them that.
He is a noble man.
That man is about as sharp as a sack of rats. Let's drink!
He is a noble fellow, give him that. Not very bright, but noble.
Your offer was a corrupt one. We did the right thing by ignoring you!
You cannot be seriously considering this. Dooming the entire town for a few pieces of silver?
I hope you have more determined self interest than your companion here. I believe that everything has a value, and I place a value on your actions.
Silver of this magnitude could help us in our efforts. Do not turn away from it lightly.
Listen to your companion. No need to rush, just keep it in mind. If you destroy the controls, bring me something as proof, and I will happily honor my word.
I hesitate to say this but the money might be useful.
[Intuition] How many other woman have been willing to challenge you, Yarou?
Your diatribe is derivative of populist works. Now, see, I don't even understand that one.
The Long Drought was clearly not caused by any excessive bathing on your part.
The Ministry of Harmony offers pitiful wages, and I do not put much stock in the purchased loyalty of these guards... particularly toward Minister Sheng!
Perhaps, but Minister Sheng has waited far too long and worked far too hard for this opportunity to return to the Imperial City.\n
The honor gift is the key to securing my return, and I will not let it out of my sight until it is safely delivered to Judge Fang's greedy hands.
Although my vigil has become somewhat taxing... Minister Sheng has not slept in nearly two days. But it's a small price to pay to buy my way back to the Imperial City.
Minister Sheng is grateful for your offer... particularly since I've forgone two nights sleep to keep watch on my treasure since my arrival.
And you proved your loyalty to Minister Sheng when you closed the Great Dam. I would feel quite secure with this treasure under your watchful eye.
The rest of you guards... out! You are no longer needed here. Someone Sheng actually trusts will watch over my honor gift while I finally get to retire to my bed!
Minister, are you sure this is a good idea?
You dare to question me? I know your mind... you are plotting against Sheng! You plan to steal my treasure! Get out! Get out of here at once!
Minister Sheng will now go for some much needed rest. I'll return in the morning. Keep a close watch on this gift until my meeting with Judge Fang tomorrow.
I've heard rumors of... distasteful behavior. Things to make the skin go pale and the stomach churn. After all, Minister Sheng is a cultured man of delicate constitution.
But more importantly, I know Judge Fang is a man who appreciates the value of a worthy offering. Hence, the honor gift I will present him.
What? Ridiculous. Judge Fang is head of the Ministry of Harmony. Minister Sheng is bound by honor and duty to deliver this report to him.
Not to mention I've spent a tremendous amount on the honor gift I will present to him. If I don't give him the report, the honor gift is wasted!
The... the Lotus Assassins? I should have known! Judge Fang has spoken out against them one time too often. It was inevitable they would take action against him.
And it is typical of the misfortune that haunts Minister Sheng that I should get caught in the middle of this mess! Woe to Minister Sheng!
Unless... wait! Minister Sheng has a plan! The real problem here is Judge Fang, not me. If he were... removed, then Minister Sheng would no longer be in danger!
Minister Sheng is not suggesting anything. In fact, Minister Sheng wants no part of this at all. I had quite enough of the Lotus Assassins back in Tien's Landing!
However, I will point out that if Judge Fang were forced to resign, or if he came to an untimely end, then my report would cease to be an issue.\n
Okay, I'll get rid of Fang.
That's too complicated. I'll just kill you.
I guess I have to kill you, then.
You just annoy me. Time to die!
Congratulations, Sheng. You've earned it.
You're nothing but a puppet for the Lotus Assassins.
Maybe it will be you.
You sure have a lot of enemies.
I'm still working on it.
I've decided to kill you instead.
Old Masters
You will fall now.
Honor gift?
Ya Zhen: Hrm... wise, I suppose. You will have a powerful ally when all is done.
I do not think the mind of a mortal was meant to hold such ability.
With this power, you would never suffer the will of another tyrant.
This is where it begins. A question of similar intent was the start of all our grief.
Chai Ka: Be careful. You tread a dangerous path.
Ya Zhen: Your thoughts are leading in an interesting direction, mortal.
Well said. This creature merely wants its own lofty place restored.
You must keep the cost clearly in mind. The Empire is in the balance.
Using this power for the good of all would justify any means.
Are you certain that you will remain human after all is done?
The heavens have manipulated us for too long.
I have learned that humanity cannot fully comprehend the cost.
Chai Ka: You must learn to appreciate your place in the order of things.
Ya Zhen: Throw off the yoke the heavens would place on you. I'm curious as to the result.
One you are destined to make. I will stand by you, my love.
And you have earned that right. I am with you.
Power can force a lot of freedom. I am with you.
Do not make me take part in this act! If I could move against you, I would. You must not do this!
I do not want to be a part of this. If I were not bound, I would beg you to stop.
You are a far greater evil than I imagined. My mistake was ever giving my loyalty in the first place.
The horror of this. Please, see the consequences and remember who you are.
Chai Ka: If the decision is yours, so is the task of bringing the blood. Who of your fellows would you sacrifice for your gain? Whose blood will you use?
Enough. If this must be done, let it be done quickly.
No! At least let there be a fight. I can't simply let you do this.
No! Must I be bound while this happens? I would fight....
I cannot let this stand. I will fight you.
You coward! At least give me the freedom to try and stop this!
My father betrayed the Empire. I won't let you join him in that madness. I won't!
This, I really don't care for. Someone *help!*
My love is right, as always. You will not have the satisfaction you wish. Dissenters must simply be killed.
I will... help as well. It must be done, and we can permit no dissension.
Of course you won't dirty your hands on such vermin. The concerns of an empire must take priority.
Whatever is your will, Master.
Let me fight for you. There's so much death here, and none yet by my blades!
Chai Ka: I... I must obey, though this is against all that the Guardian was meant to protect.
Ya Zhen: Yes, let us gather the blood you need. You are above it all.
Please... not like this.
I await your worst.
With my eyes open, for the Empire.
You see? My love takes personal responsibility. Already he shows more will than the frauds we face.
Yes, show me you have the strength to craft an empire.
I do so love your willingness to get dirty.
This is what you want? Then the friend I knew is well and truly dead at Master Li's hand.
I have no choice, though I know I will not win. Come.
Face me, then. I will fall for the Empire I once believed in.
If they fight for me, they will benefit from my influence as you have, Spirit Monk.
The heavens guide your hands. Pray it is enough.
Yes, they will help in your cause even though they were disloyal.
Yes, a use for those that have gone against your will. How better to punish their disloyalty?
I like it. Even though they have been disloyal, they will help in your cause.
As you command, it will be so.
Chai Ka: As you command, though the Guardian hopes you see that this is not right.
Ya Zhen: Yes, bring in the dissenters, the disloyal. They're good for blood and nothing else.
Don't do this. You can't let the promise of power overwhelm who you are.
You have turned all that I fought for upside down. Do not do this.
Do not do this. I want no part in what you are doing.
I... really do not like this. My blood is very important to me.
I bleed, though I am sustained by other forces. Withdraw that energy if that is your wish. A part of me yearns for it.
A fitting end to this poor creature. Let him be a part of bringing you the power that corrupted him.
I welcome this choice. The mistakes of my family can lead to your victory.
A fitting end. His fall will aid in the defeat of those who made him.
It... it is that simple? You can simply order his death, and he falls? If you risk the Empire, should you not have to risk yourself?
A coward's choice. There is no risk in this. You would endanger the Empire with a simple command?
You again show the rewards of loyalty to your cause. Does this amuse you, or is he simply the easiest to abuse?
This shell has long been tainted by the misuse of my power. It should be put to rest, not used to further the crime that sustained it!
As you wish.
Ya Zhen: The blood! Who will be the blood? You need blood to poison the dragon's corpse. Whose will it be? I want to see!
And you might cease to be human, as well.
And why would you? It is corrupt to the core, anyway.
You would not care? Everything we have done has been for the legacy of the Empire!
I begin to see why you would feel that way. Perhaps there is something better.
Don't say that. We have fought so hard to restore things to the way they were.
Perhaps it should be abandoned. No good has come of it so far.
To cast aside everything... that was our mistake as well.
Chai Ka: You court the end of a great era. Step carefully.
Ya Zhen: Interesting. Walls always crumble eventually; why not at your will?
Better than what? Free choice?
You could force improvements. There would be no more tyrants.
Your will alone would decide what those improvements are? What about tradition?
Yes, a firm hand could shape a great empire.
For whom would you make things better? Everyone, or just those who pleased you?
Yes, so much pain could be avoided with a strong hand.
To make things better... that was our wish. We failed.
Chai Ka: A benevolent tyrant is still a tyrant.
Ya Zhen: You could remake things in your image. If that isn't better, what is?
He planned it all from the start. His betrayal goes back to the very beginning.
A core of evil through them all, but he constructed the path they took.
It was supposed to be a new era, but even I did not know his true intent.
If you see their foolishness, the same mistakes will not be made again.
They pushed their grasp too far. Now that mistake has come back to them.
That is our shame, but the lure of ascendance was too great.
Their concerns were for the Empire alone. Nothing else mattered.
Nothing was solved. The problem was merely pushed onto someone else's plate.
If such a place exists, it was beyond our concern. Our minds never strayed from within our borders.
Soon it will all be yours, and I will stand at your side. An empire like none before.
I don't know if I will be much help. Emperor Sun Li is apparently stronger than my father was.
I will follow as well as I can, love, but I do not know if I will be much help. I could not stand against the previous Emperor and Master Li is stronger.
I am ready, but I do not know how effective I will be. I did not fare so well against the last Emperor.
I stand ready, but Li has grown stronger than Hai. This may be your fight alone.
Chai Ka: This fight will be decided on your ability alone. Only you could withstand Sun Hai, and Sun Li is stronger.
Ya Zhen: Whatever you say, but I think this will be your fight alone in the end.
Soon we will set things right, and no one will be able to say otherwise. I know this is right. You showed me.
Soon everything will be right again, and no one will be able to tell you otherwise. You will have the strength to enforce freedom.
It is yours now. If your master falls, everything is yours. No one will be able to say otherwise.
Chai Ka: Soon you will bear the power of the Water Dragon. I do not have confidence in your ability to wield it.
Ya Zhen: Soon you will have everything in the palm of your hand. It has been a privilege to witness your ascension.
I will live to be as old as the Empire itself, and I will never be able to remove that sight from my mind.
I will treasure this moment for as long as I live. To have a hand in such a creature's destiny... it is an honor.
This was nearly overwhelming. My eyes were not meant to see such things.
You destroyed the beast. We would have called that a waste.
Chai Ka: It was the only choice that would restore balance and order. If nothing ends, there are no more beginnings.
Ya Zhen: This beast... she could have been put to better use. You mortals have odd priorities.
Yes, your Master. He made this possible. I don't know how much help I will be against him.
Yes, the Glorious Strategist awaits. I do not know if I will be able to aid in the fight against him.
That is true, and I doubt we can do much to help you. You must face your Master yourself. Would we even stand a chance?
We have to try. I can't leave here knowing I didn't try.
I am still bound to you, and I ask that you let me fight. Master Li has much to answer for.
We will try. There is nothing else we can do.
I want to help. You still decide my actions. Guide me into this last fight.
Chai Ka: I will be here for this final confrontation, but I do not know how much help I will be.
Ya Zhen: I still stand at your side, but what point is there? Your Master is practically unassailable.
Bah! Throw me at him. He is still flesh, and flesh can be cut.
A foolish hope, but I welcome the sentiment.
I will try. I have to.
If safety were my only concern, I would not be anywhere near here.
Safety has no place in battles that decide empires.
If you believe that, then truly you do not know my love of the Empire.
If that is what you wish, but I would do so even without your command. This is my fate, too, now.
This event will be decided by actions, not orders. Lead us.
If you wish to believe that, so be it. As long as I get to fight.
Such a helpless feeling to know that the fate of the Empire will be decided tonight and that I can do nothing.
There is little we can do. You are the one who led us here.
I feel so useless. Like walking beside a giant.
Bah. What good is such a fight if I cannot take part? If he's so powerful, there should be plenty to go around!
Will you force me to fight? I would try even if my will was free, but it may be pointless. Your Master is apparently far stronger than my father was.
There is a great deal left to do. Your Master awaits. I do not know what help anyone else will be in this coming battle.
There's no time for this. Find your way as best you can.
Very well. Everyone meet near the throne room.
He has been destroyed.
I put him to rest.
It is yours. I no longer need such worthless baubles. My only joy now will be in the suffering I can cause her spirit.
Ha! The Scourge of the South... I wonder how many people I'd have to steal from to get a name like that? With that description, they'll never find you.
What? *That* was her excuse? Impossible! Stupid! I don't believe it!
I am sorry, but it is necessary. Hold her.
When you have a moment, we should talk.
I have a demon, the Black Whirlwind, and Death's Hand. They will ensure my will is obeyed!
I have heard enough! I will kill any dissenters with my own hands!
You should probably go down to his camp and check with Lord Yun; he'll likely want to reward you.
I am sorry, but it is necessary. Hold him.
Have Kang bring forth Dawn Star.
Silk Fox will serve.
Have Kang bring forth Silk Fox.
Sky will provide the blood.
Have Sky brought forth.
Hou would be amusing.
Have Kang bring forth Ho. He would be amusing.
Death's Hand, do you have enough blood left in that corpse you call a body?
There is no one to object. Death's Hand dies, and your power will be mine.
If I had your power, I wouldn't care about the Empire.
With your power, I could make things better.
No one else will question my will. Master Li will fall!
Silence! Be ready for the coming fight!
The greater abomination is yet to come.
Quiet. We are not done here.
I welcome your help, if you can do so safely.
You will help because I order it.
I have to do this alone.
Do what you must, but stay out of my way.
No great waves of energy, no demons from the walls. Skill versus skill. Master versus student, as you said.
I expect you have corrected the flaw in your style? No matter. Beyond the basics, I also taught you... focus. Match me if you can.
I meant for you to reach a certain plateau and then wait to be knocked off. I tried as much with my brother. I will succeed again with you.
You are quick with a threat, as I encouraged in your earliest lessons. It is not the first time my efforts have been turned against me, but I learn quickly.
I will undo the damage of his ignorance, force the dead to their rest, and keep the waters flowing. My Empire will be ordered, *obedient,* and neither ghosts nor gods will plague it.
And you are all that stands between me and the new peace. My brother summoned underlings to defeat you; I will create them from the very stone!
A direct application of my power will show you how restrictive that shell truly is.
Worse than dying... being helpless as death comes.
You have truly become a Spirit Monk. In another time, I would be proud of your ability.
I am not satisfied with helping others surpass me. I quickly tired of elevating my brother, and I will not learn to serve you.
I see now that the Water Dragon's power is the prize, not the means to victory. No matter what I expend, while you live you will resist. That is your role.
It is the Celestial Bureaucracy attempting to restore balance. We must bring the fight back down to earth. Unless... you are made to see reason.
There can be no deals. Let's end this. Master versus student.
My skill is great in spite of you, not because of you!
Is this the part where you ask me to join you? I'll answer with my fists.
You were a great teacher. Your skill was wasted on evil ambition.
Dirge Temple Courtyard
Who can withstand the might of the Ravager? Will it be Raging Dragon?
The Ravager has destroyed all challengers. Will Silver Phoenix break his record?
Tiger Lifts the Mountain, but the Ravager destroys it. Who will emerge our new champion?
A chance to leave the Qualifying Division as Raging Dragon faces Hapless Han!
Can Silver Phoenix surpass Hapless Han and leave the Qualifying Division?
Tiger Lifts the Mountain faces Hapless Han in hopes of leaving the Qualifying division.
A challenger for the Bronze Division! Crimson Khana must fend off Raging Dragon!
Silver Phoenix stands to take control of the Bronze Division from Crimson Khana.
Victory and a pair of unique blades stands between Tiger Lifts the Mountain and the Bronze Division championship.
Iron Soldier has faced all comers, but how will the Silver champion fare against Raging Dragon?
Can Silver Phoenix take the Silver Division? Iron Soldier will not fall easily.
The veteran, Iron Soldier, prepares to face Tiger Lifts the Mountain!
You're just being paranoid.
I could guard the honor gift for you.
What else did this vision reveal? You were only to retrieve the amulet, learn to place gems in it, and meditate on your future. I don't want you to be distracted.
I keep an eye on things for Soldier, see? I even help him train and work out any tension he might be feeling after a fight.
Inscrutable Power Source
It should come as no surprise that you can't figure out how this device functions, or even what it really does. A complicated collection of gears, pistons and various projecting apertures befuddle the mind but still speak of virtually limitless power if harnessed properly.
This screen allows you to spend points to improve your abilities. You can also click the Balanced button to automatically distribute your points to create a balanced character.
Frozen
Lotus Assassin Spy
Strref 68112
[Intuition] Lyn said this might be for the greater good of the guild.
Since you've decided to be reasonable, you have a deal.
All it takes is silver to buy your loyalty? I can respect that, but I can't let you stop me.
You can't stop me, Aishi! No one can. I'll have a promotion off your corpse!
Here, mercenary, take this, and forget anything you have heard. My superiors will be very pleased. there's likely a promotion in this for me. Now, if you'll excuse me....
How did he get past me? He couldn't access a flyer. What *is* that man doing? Are you *certain* he's gone? Would a bit of silver jog your memory?
Interesting. I wonder how high he'll raise the bounty if you keep stringing him along?
You're covering for a fool. Hand him over.
What do you say?
How do I know I can trust you?
I'll take care of those pirates. Wait here.
You're dead. What do you need time for?
Waitress
[There are three sub-surface levels accessible. Select the floor you wish to visit.]
Double Butterfly Swords
Very few have lived to claim as much.
When I was young, I hoped to visit the palace one day. There was so much I didn't know.
Bah. Too much talk. It is time to kick in some doors!
The palace is open to those with clear intent. Lose focus, and you lose your way.
This place is a maze of twisting rooms. How will you know where to go? You'd wander aimlessly.
I... I don't know, Dutong. I could really use the silver, but Mother Kwan is such a nice old lady. I... I'm just not sure what to do.
Right. Of course. What was I thinking? Old Mother Kwan's a good woman. She deserves to have her teahouse back!
Uh, Boss? People aren't gonna like us when they find out what you did. Maybe we should get out of here.
That's the smartest thing you've said since I hired you. Let's go!
Well done! It'll be nice to have Old Mother back in charge again. You should tell Mother Kwan she got her teahouse back. Now things can go back to the way they were!
Yeah, okay. I guess that's the smart thing to do. Give us the silver, and we'll keep quiet.
[Failure] No... pleashe jusht leave me alone. I'm a bad man. A bad, bad man. I don't desherve friendsh. Jusht... jusht go away.
The writ? Why waste time on such a dry and boring subject, my friend? Can't you see the drink is flowing? Look at how busy my teahouse is! Isn't it glorious?
Put the writ out of your mind, and join the party. Mingle. Enjoy yourself. Everybody should have a good time at Master Dutong's teahouse!
You shay you're leaving, but you're shtill here! You're trying to trick me! I know your type!
You want me to teach this troublemaker a lesson, Boss?
Don't be an idiot! You saw what happened in the fight with those sailors! I don't need you lying unconscious on the floor. That's my job... after Steeper Yanru brings me my wine.
Your accusations grow tiresome, stranger. You have no proof that I cheated Old Mother Kwan, and I don't see any reason to continue our conversation. So thank you, and goodbye!
You want me to throw this troublemaker out in the street, Boss?
Don't be stupid! You saw what this man did to those sailors! He'd leave you broken and bleeding on the floor, and I have no one to clean up the mess!
Don't be stupid. You saw what she did to those sailors. The only way you'd hurt this young lady is if she broke a nail while punching you in the mouth.
Forgive my guard; his intentions are good, but he's a bit slow on the uptake.
Yes, good. Go away. I haven't even started to feel the effects of my wine yet, and you're already giving me a headache.
You mean how you cheated Kwan out of the teahouse?
I think we need to renegotiate our deal.
Don't worry, nobody suspects a thing.
[Charm] Tell me about the writ. You can trust me.
[Intimidation] Tell me the truth about that writ, worm!
Stone Sword 1
*cod15*Description of Stone Sword 1
Stone Sword 2
*cod15*Description of Stone Sword 2
Third Scholar In
We found him just like this.
You did?
Three Reach, the old stableman, found him. He kept everyone else out.
We can trust him. What about Cho? Do we know who's responsible?
Last I saw of him, he was following Raging Dragon.
Last I saw of him, he was following Silver Phoenix.
Last I saw of him, he was following Tiger Lifts the Mountain.
He fights next, doesn't he?
She fights next, does she not?
Replace the men slated for that match with our own, and ensure that their blades are coated with extract from the ebon orchid.\n
Even the ancient magic of this place could not neutralize that poison.
It will be done. What about Lucky Cho? There are hundreds of people here to see the new fighter. We can't carry the body out of here!
Then we don't. You must always use the resources available to you.
Bring peace to Mister Ren. He can be found somewhere in the Necropolis. While Shen will reward you individually, he's ultimately tasked you with destroying all three of the ghosts.
Speak to First Gravedigger Shen
Talk to First Gravedigger Shen if you want a job.
You're certain this well cover blocks the escape route your guardian used when you were an infant, but you can't seem to open it. The secret must have died with the Spirit Monks.
Death has come to you, but life can be regained. I will guide you through madness to the light. Follow the pillar of light.
Your Master betrayed you, as he once betrayed his brother. A revenge years in the planning.
He trained you to fight a tyrant, but with a flaw. He wanted you vulnerable in your moment of triumph.
The Dragon Amulet is in his hands, reassembled. He will consume my power... but all is not lost. Seek my light.
Jade Empire Bestiary: Vol. 5
Horse Demons*cod2**cod2*Words are only wasted describing these equine horrors, for their appearances are all too easily recalled from the nightmares of childhood. All the legends talk of these beasts' fiery manes and terrifying strength, but few sources delve beyond the lore to seek out the fact. It was a most fortunate happenstance that led this author into a roadside discussion with the venerable Li Shi Tun, a master warrior who had recently destroyed one of these beasts. His insight proved most valuable, for it was this master who first made clear the true effect of the horse demon's terrifying mane. Holding out blistered hands, the ancient warrior made his point most clearly: to strike a creature who controls elemental fires with such ease is to strike the flame itself. One must be prepared to hurt themselves with each attack.
Thorn and Shining Carp
Blade of the Broken Bough
Maker's Bane and Placid Guiju
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*+25% Damage Over Basic Long Sword Style*cod2**cod2*This blade is claimed by two legends, one from the Prosperous East and one from the Golden Delta. In the first, a flower girl was wronged by an official, and an outlaw incited revenge for his own purposes. Trapping the official, the woman beat him savagely with a bouquet of roses, the thorns raking eyes and skin. An observing fox spirit frowned on hatred abusing such beauty, and transformed the flowers into a sword. The official was killed, leaving the woman to ponder the hardening of her heart. In the second tale, the outlaw instead urged restraint and suggested asking the river for guidance. A golden carp answered the woman's plea and, as it swam by, the sun on its scales took the shape of a blade that fell in the shallows at her feet. She took up arms in the spirit of justice and order was restored. Stories--and people--change with the influence that others bring.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*+25% Damage Over Basic Long Sword Style*cod2**cod2*The story of the Broken Bough is a sad page in the history of the Jade Empire. When Emperor Zuwan, ninth emperor in the time of divisions, died suddenly with no heir, his wife, Seng Si, assumed the throne to prevent chaos. Though respected, she was seen as merely a ceremonial caretaker. When war erupted a decade later the Imperial Army would not follow her orders, so she took up a sword and asked instead that they follow her lead. Emperors lead armies only in legends; Seng Si's commitment stunned her detractors, and her death shamed the nation. Seng Si the Broken Bough changed the face of the Imperial court, though the relics of her rule were never displayed.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapons*cod2*+25% Damage Over Basic Double Axes*cod2**cod2*Maker's Bane was forged from a falling star that tore from the heavens as the Celestial Dragon shaped the world. The loss of life resulting from its use is thoroughly predictable.*cod2**cod2*Placid Guiju is a sepulcher for the God of Agricultural Poetry. Guiju of Words and Land transformed into a plowshare to aid the workers of the Golden Delta, but was trapped when the farmers remade their tools into weapons to repel invading Horselords. Pounding plowshare to sword might have held ironic appeal, but being an axe causes injury to Guiju's poetic sensibilities. The effectiveness of this blade is agony for his gentle spirit, an insult that will eventually destroy him and strip *cod6*field verse*cod6* from the Lexicon of the Ages. It also makes the wielder slightly giddy.
Hidden Urn
Find a liver for Mad Wen.
You have discovered a mad scientist trying to use revitalized dead organs to heal his dying daughter. He needs you to find a liver to replace hers. He knows of the corpse of a nobleman, Ji Xin, in a tower grave to the north, which should have a liver that is preserved well enough to be used.
Return the Liver to Mad Wen
Bring the preserved liver back to Wen Zhi.
You have defeated the corpse of the nobleman, Ji Xin, and you have his preserved liver. You should bring it back to Wen Zhi in the Necropolis so he can transplant it into his daughter.
You managed to convince Ji Xin that he could gain salvation by voluntarily giving up his liver to save Wen Zhi's daughter.. You should bring the preserved liver back to Wen Zhi in the Necropolis so he can transplant it into his daughter.
Speak to Dr. An
Convince Dr. An to help Wen Zhi save his daughter.
Wen Zhi would gladly give his own liver instead of having to rob a corpse in order to save his daughter. He cannot perform the operation himself, though. If Dr. An could be convinced to assist, Wen would stand a chance of saving his daughter, and it would not raise the ire of any spirits. Dr. An is in the Imperial Arena.
Return to Mad Wen
Return to Wen Zhi with Dr. An to help him save his daughter.
You have convinced Dr. An to help Wen Zhi save his daughter. Return to him in the Necropolis so that she can assist in the operation.
The Operation Successful
The operation was successful, and Wen Zhi's daughter has been saved.
The operation was successful, and Wen Zhi's daughter has been saved.\n
A Mournful Mother
Bring peace to Miss Chan.
Put Miss Chan to Rest
The ghost of Miss Chan does not seem to realize that her baby is dead. If you could convince her of that fact, she would rest once more.
Reunite Mother and Son
Show Miss Chan her son's gravestone.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.
I'm hoping you've done most of the work by setting up those furnaces.
What purpose do the other furnaces serve?
You think the light is key somehow?
Princess Sun Lian
- *cod7**cod9**cod8*h *cod7**cod10**cod8*min - level *cod7**cod11**cod8*
Variable Setter
[Success] You are bold, but that is the way of the Imperial Champion. Very well, take this as our gift to the champion.
[Success] You have a keen eye for the politics of this city. Very well, let silver change hands to ensure that our break is clean.
[Intuition] What would it say about this deal if I just rolled over and accepted your truce?
Hi - use me to set variables to test chapter 8
Wildflower is set to Chaika
Wildflower is set to Yazhen
Wildflower has currently not been set.
Sky HAS NOT betrayed the PC.
Sky HAS betrayed the PC.
Death's Hand acquired.
Death's Hand NOT acquired.
Silk Fox Romance is ACTIVE
Silk Fox's Romance is now complete.
Silk Fox's romance is now NOT complete.
Silk Fox is now evil.
Silk Fox is now Good.
Silk Fox Romance is NOT ACTIVE
Dawn Star romance is ACTIVE
Dawn Star romance is NOT ACTIVE
Sky Romance is ACTIVE
Sky Romance is NOT ACTIVE
Set WildFlower's Status
Set Wildflower to Yazhen
Set Dawn Star to Good
Set Dawn Star Romance as ACTIVE
Set Sky's Romance Status
Set Sky romance NOT ACTIVE (turns everything off)
Mark Sky's romance as Complete
Mark Sky romance as NOT complete (TURNS OFF EVIL AS WELL)
Set Sky to Evil (MARKS ROMANCE AS COMPLETE AS WELL)
Set Sky to Good
Set Sky Romance as ACTIVE
Good enough - bye.
Do something else.
Set Wildflower to Chaika.
Set Sky's Betrayal Status
Set Sky HAS betrayed the PC.
Set Sky HAS NOT betrayed the PC
Set Death's Hand acquired status.
Set Death's Hand NOT acquired.
Set Death's Hand as ACQUIRED.
Set Silk Fox's Romance Status
Set Silk Fox Romance NOT ACTIVE (turn everything off)
Mark Silk Fox's Romance as Complete
Mark Silk Fox's romance as NOTcomplete. (TURNS OFF EVIL AS WELL)
Set Silk Fox to Evil (MARKS ROMANCE AS COMPLETE AS WELL)
Set Silk Fox to Good
Set Silk Fox Romance as ACTIVE
Set Dawn Star's Romance Status
Set Dawn Star romance NOT ACTIVE (turn everything off)
Mark Dawn Star's romance as Complete
Mark Dawn Star's romance as NOT complete (TURNS OFF EVIL AS WELL)
Set Dawn Star to Evil (MARKS ROMANCE AS COMPLETE AS WELL)
Good day to you, citizen. General Stone Kao... retired, that is... at your service.
Quicksilver
None of them. Never mind.
Let's go right now.
Water Wheel
Whirling Cogs
Cranking Cauldron
Clapper Chimney
Conductor
Tiger Button
Dragon Button
Reset Console
Fuel Hopper
King of Endless Seasons
Dawn Star's Romance is now complete.
Dawn Star's Romance NOT complete
Dawn Star is Evil - Romance is Complete
Dawn Star is NOT Evil.
Sky's Romance is now COMPLETE
Sky's romance is NOT Complete - Sky is GOOD.
Sky is now EVIL - Romance COMPLETE.
Sky is now GOOD.
Ok - walk up the stairs to start the openning cutscene.
Urbak
The Dragon Amulet is your birthright and a tool for focusing your spiritual power. As you travel the Jade Empire, you will find gems that enhance your abilities. Place these gems in the sockets of the Dragon Amulet to gain access to their power.\n
Strref 71427
Lotus Assassin Student
Lotus Acolyte
I should be getting home to see my wife. Oh well, one more bowl for the road!
You should stay a while and relax. There's probably a fight starting soon in the arena pit.
The fights in this arena are the best in the Empire.
Good show down there in the ring.
You'd be surprised how many people can't handle that dumb brute of an ogre.
You don't seem like you'll be in the qualifiers for long.
You're heading straight for Khana at this rate. She's unbeaten, you know.
Lost a bit of silver on a side bet for that match. Khana was undefeated.
Then she suddenly keels over. Foul play, I tell you. I bet it's that Serpent fellow behind it too.
I suppose she had to fall sometime. The wife's going to kill me for losing that silver.
The Silver Division fights are always the most intense.
Soldier has finally been unseated. That's going to throw the odds makers right off their stride! Time to place some bets, I think.
You're the first person to shake up the Gold Division in a long time. Keep it up!
Big events like that are so rare, it's a pleasure to see them!
Keep up the good work, champion!
Tough loss down there.
Rough start if you were thinking of making this a career.
Lots of folks never make it past the qualifiers. This place features only the best fighters.
Khana piled through all those fights unbeaten, but she's exceptionally skilled.
Everyone watches the Silver Division fights. Must make it that much harder when you lose.
No one makes it unscathed through the Gold Round. Those are the toughest matches in the Empire.
Good thing that wasn't for your title, champion.
The palace is completely cut off from us common folks.
Now that you're past Hapless Han, things will start to get more difficult.
The engagement fights are rare enough to be spectacular! Looks like the Ravager is next for you.
Congratulations, champion!
That looked like a rough match.
Most of the contestants who last don't have trouble with the ogre, but I'm sure you'll do fine... eventually.
Thank goodness they only let us place small bets on the qualifiers. I was rooting for you.
The Bronze Division is where the professionals cut their teeth. I'm sure you can manage it.
There's no shame in losing a fight in the Silver Division. Those matches are vicious!
The Gold Division fights are brutal. I'm surprised more people don't get hurt.
You'll bounce back, I'm sure of it.
I'm glad I'm not one of those girls always fawning all over the arena fighters.
Have you heard those ridiculous rumors about ghosts walking the Empire?
I wish Doctor An were less busy. Her treatments are marvelous!
This place is always so busy. No wonder they call it the Heart of the Empire.
I hear you're doing well.
Don't let the early wins go to your head. That ogre is nothing but a beast.
You're too skilled for the qualifying division. You won't be there long.
It's really exciting to see someone new in a real division!
I didn't know who would win between you and Khana.
It's a real shame to see her collapse like that. She would have gone far.
If I'd known there was an inn this close I'd have moved the temple here myself. Or brought the inn back to it. Whichever's lighter.
Lotus Acolyte Shi
She was graceful in her loss. I think she recognized that your skill was superior.
Only the best fighters make it to the Silver Division this quickly!
It's nice to see someone finally dislodge Soldier. That fossil has been champion too long.
You're winning bouts against some of the toughest opponents in the whole Empire.
I was right there watching.
That ogre didn't stand a chance!
You're so close to facing the Ravager! Don't give up now.
I'm sure you'll find a way to bounce back.
I can't wait for the next fight to start.
I hear Qui the Promoter's got some new types of fights lined up.
The Emperor used to attend these matches, but he stopped coming years ago.
I follow all the fighters' careers.
I should go home, but I really want to watch the next fight.
You're going to tear through the qualifiers. I can just tell.
You will go far in the Bronze Division. I look forward to seeing you face Crimson Khana.
You were a sure thing in my eyes.
Khana collapsing was just further proof of how weak she was.
I don't think we will be referring to you as a *cod6*student*cod6* much longer. You dealt with those bandits easily enough.
*cod6*Khana's unbeaten streak ends now,*cod6* I told myself.
Soldier will be getting nervous at the pace you're advancing.
I knew Soldier was losing his edge! He couldn't stay Silver Division champion forever.
You're going to do very well in the Gold Round, I can feel it.
The Imperial Engagement merely cemented in my mind that you will be our new champion.
Honor is yours, champion. I knew it would be, in time.
Your last match looked painful.
An ogre is no mean foe. Don't underestimate him and you'll be fine.
Even in the lower divisions, victory is never a sure thing.
The Bronze Division fights are more difficult than the highest levels of most tournaments.
You need to keep your wits about you to fight in the Silver Division, there's no denying it.
That last one was a win for you, was it?
I could have sworn the ogre was due for a win. Oh well, there's more silver into Lucky Cho's pocket.
Ha! See, I *was* right! You didn't win. I'll never doubt the system again.
I could have bought a nice farm in the south if I'd played my cards right.
I can feel it. Today's going to be my lucky day.
Okay, I can do this. I can pick a winner, I know it!
Surely someone around here will front me a few silvers, just to break this cold streak.
Since my wife left me, I've had a lot more time to track the trends in the ring.
You wouldn't have any hot tips for me, would you? No, no one ever does.
Most new qualifiers don't progress like you. You're not making me any money here.
Could you try to be less... good? My bets will bankrupt me again if you keep this up!
I thought Khana was a sure thing.
Then she keels over and dies. Just my luck! I had thirty of my cousin's silvers on her too!
Since you moved past the Silver Division, things have been too hectic for us to keep an eye on anything. Soldier's less concerned with the arena's politics these days anyway.
I keep an eye on the new blood, and I like to see what the Guild's up to. Kai Lan the Serpent's men are all agitated since Lucky Cho's death.
New fighters, like yourself. I also try to keep tabs on what Kai Lan the Serpent and his goon Lucky Cho are up to.
Just my luck that she'd lose! I had thirty of my cousin's silvers on her too!
Kai Lan's the real power behind this place. He's affiliated with the Guild, a criminal organization. I don't know much about them besides that.
If the larger organization's anything like the Serpent's, they're power hungry maniacs. Kai Lan flaunts his power and corruption. He's not a man you want to cross.
You can't possibly keep doing this well for long. Soon, all my bets against you will pay off!
Why do you insist on ruining me? How much silver must I pour upon your opponents before one of them wins at the right time?
Lost a lot on that one. Luckily some large, well dressed fellows were willing to lend me some more silver. That reminds me! I should look up that *cod6*dismemberment*cod6* word they used....
I had a lot of money riding on you. Well, more on everyone else, but you were key to me finally making a profit!
Bah! I should just stop betting. Care to wager 5 silvers that I can't last a day?\n
Why didn't I bet for your last match?
I'll just bide my time. Plenty of chances to collect on what I sense will be a grand losing streak!
That's okay, I'll put twice as much on the rematch. It's a sure thing that you'll lose!
I could have sworn you were due for a win, and my system says wagering for you is a fool's gambit.
I should have known you weren't going to win that last one. Stupid of me, so stupid!
People talk to Lucky Cho if they want to bet big on one of the fights. He won't take silver from you if you're a fighter or he doesn't know you very well, however.
Cho collects on his bets the hardest way possible. It's a bad idea to cross him. Feel free to test his patience if you don't believe me.
What do you want to talk about?
I help him any way he needs me to. I'm even starting to learn some of his styles, though I'm a long way from his skill. Not many can match him.
Let's say that my treatment methods are more unorthodox than Doctor An's, but no less effective.
They're much more enjoyable as well. You'll never find out, though. I don't waste my time on young men. You're all too... excitable.
They're also much more enjoyable for us both.
Fine by me.
I've got better things to do than discuss the city. If you want to know about it, Bai the Outcrier's usually barking outside this building. He's paid to be full of useless information.
Tell me about Tanner Fong.
Tell me about the elder Fong.
I want to ask something else.
You walk funny. Like you're going to hit someone.
Tell me about the younger Fong.
Everyone in this town is sad. I don't like it here.
There's a ghost under my bed. He whispers to me all night. Then I'm sleepy in the morning.
Mommy says the Emperor forgot about us, and Daddy gets mad.
I knew this boy who drowned in the river. Now he scratches my door at night.
Have you ever seen a ghost? The little ones are meaner.
Neither. I want something else.
The Elder Tanner Fong wasn't dead!
Not yet.
Let me see what you're selling.
[Intimidation] I think you should give me everything you have, if you want to live.
Fine. Give it to me.
No, I'll take everything, including your life!
I'll remember this.
I don't care! I'll kill you and take everything!
Yes, yes. I know.
I did that.
It was old anyway. Just pretend you didn't notice.
There's not much to look at down here, but at least there's a good chance for a fight.
Spectator
TBD
*cod15*Description of Puzzle Box
*This* is a part of heaven? Ha! I pictured more fountains of endless wine.
Another day, another bowl of rice. I hope.
The only problem in the Imperial City is deciding where to spend your silver first!
This place reminds me of expensive wine; lots of flavor, but no kick.
Statistics
Filter
Activate
Recipe list
Travel
Area/World
Spend Style Points
Customize
It just shows how smart he is, Ai Ling.
[Charm] Tian could move here and join your gang. I'm sure he doesn't really care about the farm.
Tian is your only chance at a husband. It's him or nothing.
You have no proof I asked you to do this. It's just my word against yours. Who will they believe? A stranger new to town, or a respected merchant?
What if I expose your plan?
Laugh all you want, this is gruesome!
I don't feel anything, but you look like you're about to be ill. Are you all right?
Given the *cod6*fertilizer*cod6* you used to use in your garden, nothing should bother you. Get over it.
The market doesn't smell like fish anymore. That's good, right?
When I grow up, I'm going to be a pirate. I hear they eat regular.
Someone told me ghosts aren't real. Then he died in his sleep. Weird, huh?
How come the grown-ups stop talking when I come into a room?
Ghosts stay away from big groups. I have nine brothers and sisters, so I'm pretty safe.
Nothing fun ever happens in this town! When I grow up, I'm going to leave.
Look, more bandits creeping into the camp! Get them!
You humans never cease to amaze me. It pleases me to no end that you escaped those caves safely.
Ha! I'd have traded your life for the death of that thing as well. It's a fair trade.
She would have to be! That hill collapsed like a bad cake!
Perhaps we should try to not antagonize the fox with the burning halo of fire, hmm?
My ancient enemy is dead. In their burrowing, her followers riddled the hill with enough passageways that the whole system collapsed.
I had not thought to drop a mountain on my ancient foe, but your kind is always so resourceful.
With the Mother gone, the forest will recover. I have already spoken to Lord Yun, and he is aware of what you have done for me.
I'm gonna miss those little bastards. They tried so hard, and they just kept coming... one after another, practically throwing themselves on my axes.
You have to respect that kind of mindless dedication. Ah well. Let's go find something else to cleave.
There you are! The Guardian and I had to run back up through the Inn. It's really quiet there, so I think the monsters are all gone.
You're safe! Thank the heavens. When the earth started to shake I was cut off from you. The inn's pretty quiet. I think we... you stopped them.
All I know is that I'll never look at meat the same way again.
Chumin is just a little shy.
And he has a thriving business!
He's a true artist.
Well. That was exciting. The cavern started collapsing and I couldn't get back to you.
You survived? Somehow I'm not surprised. I was forced to dodge rocks all the way back to the Inn. I think the beasts have been wiped out.
Why don't we stop and talk a moment?
I hope, for us all, that you can learn the fate of the Water Dragon. Until she returns to her home, things will only get worse.\n
I would have given my life to see that abomination dead.
Are you sure she's gone?
That would have been much easier with your help!
Will the forest recover?
Could you at least tell Lord Yun what I've done?
Too bad he's going bankrupt.
[Charm] I'm willing to bet Ai Ling could help you on that front.
[Intuition] You two both seemed to already know a lot about each other. I think you wanted me to introduce you.
Hello again, citizen. Something else you need?
Do your best. You'll need it.
I have been awarded the singular honor of retirement. Some say a soldier has failed in his duty if he sees his term end peacefully.
Between you and me, those people should be immediately promoted to the front line if they're so quick to throw away lives in the name of duty.
That doesn't work...
You will feel pain!
Your last breath!
A few questions? Are you sure you don't have just one thing to ask me? I suppose we're coming to that soon enough.
If it's all the same to you, I'd rather just be left to my thoughts.
So soon? A butterfly whispered in my ear that you and I were going to have a little discussion. Ah well, in your own time, Bronze Champion.
Of course. Always a pleasure to speak to the rank and file.
Hold, that's enough.
Well done!
You've certainly earned your name, Raging Dragon. Not many can face General Stone Kao and stand the victor!
Word will spread among the men that their general was beaten by the Silver Phoenix. Well done!
I should have known better than to contend with Tiger Lifts the Mountain, but who could resist the chance?
Still got a few tricks up my sleeve. I bet you're glad you didn't face me for real.
I taught Iron Soldier everything he knows, and he didn't pay attention to half, so you should be just fine in your next match.
I was wondering when we'd come to the point. You're up to face Iron Soldier next, aren't you? He's tried this little trick before.
I accept your challenge, and I will even educate you as to why, just as I did for the two lads who previously stood where you are now.
Would you in his place?
One of them went on to greater things. The other.... well, I hope he found peace in the water as I do.
I'm sure Soldier told you he was dishonorably discharged, and he blames me for that. I am to blame, so that's fair.
He forgets that, without my intervention, he would have been beheaded on the spot. I wouldn't have stepped in had I known it would condemn him to a life of bitter rage.
Iron Soldier, a brash youth far under my command at the time, struck a Lotus Assassin in the face.
He disagreed with orders to slaughter a small northern village. Its citizens were unjustly accused of harboring criminals who were plotting to murder the Emperor.
The Assassin demanded Soldier's head, and I refused. What Soldier did was wrong; why he did it was not.
General Stone Kao pleads for nothing. If you are my end, I meet you as an honorable opponent.
Things have grown worse with the Imperial Army. The Lotus Assassins control everything now. I was the last to oppose them, and I am lucky to be retired instead of dead.
Perhaps you will achieve their ends for them. Or perhaps not.
Either way, my tale is done and this blade, a retirement gift, demands some attention. Do you stand ready?
I see. Then you rescind your challenge?
He told you the whole story as he sees it. His vision has narrowed considerably.
Time will have to do her job alone, it seems.
Tell me, if you've changed your mind, would you be up for a friendly match? Not to the death, just until one of us falls over wheezing?
Really? This is a treat. Not everyone gets to face one of the arena's champions! Let's see if I can still remember a few of the old forms.
A shame. There was no harm in asking. Go back to Soldier and face him honorably. He'll learn his lesson eventually.
I greet you as well.
I have no family left, cur. They were in the village that Soldier tried to save. They burned under the assassins' orders.
A soldier does what he must.
So be it! Let all know that I freely accepted this fight, and that, on my honor, there will be no repercussions!
General Stone Kao, I challenge you to a duel to the death.
Your family will thank me for silencing your inane stories.
Enough! Fight or surrender, old man.
Spare me the stories, old man.
What do you know about Judge Fang?
No one gets away!
Fight dirty!
Do you have time to answer a few questions for me?
What happened to the other two?
Soldier didn't mention that there were two others.
What was his crime?
It sounds like you denied him an honorable death.
Why did you spare him from the assassins?
Now you plead for your life with this little story?
I won't fight you.
Soldier didn't tell me the whole story.
I want no part of your death.
It would be an honor, General.
I don't really have the time.
I greet you as my honored opponent.
Please press your Fight Style keys to map this style to the chosen direction.\n
Take me to the men who are hiding first. They're in for a surprise.
We can't let the Inscrutable Power Source fall into enemy hands! You hold her off!
Talk to Sheng
Return to Tien's Landing and tell Minister Sheng that the dam is closed.
I have my own silver. You are not above personal sales, are you?
Passing through? So you intend to head north? I'm sorry to say, but that simply won't work.
Besides, I think I have some old family business to catch up on. Old alliances to re-forge, as it were.
I've been in this forest long enough that it was very clear when she died. The air...changed. There's really no other way to describe it.
I'm sure you made the right decision and did what needed to be done. I know the trees won't heal for some time, but that's to be expected.
As I said, the Forest Shadow herself informed me of your brave actions.
It was a lucky moment when you walked into this place. Fortunate for us both, in fact.
Indeed, it is. You have my deepest gratitude. I had virtually given up hope, and you appeared like a gift from the heavens.
Farewell. That map will carry you safely if you can find a flyer with the range. I wish you all the best of luck.
How did you know I cured your forest?
I think it's time I left.
No particular reason. I'm simply passing through.
Just tell me what you need me to do.
There is a problem with a data file. You may need to reinstall the game. Press OK to continue.
Several flyers are heading for Two Rivers, and it is unlikely their presence is a coincidence. You must get back to town as quickly as you can.
I am so very sorry. You must accept my apologies; he is uncontrollable sometimes.
Keep your apologies! That was amazing! Spear Catches Leaf is no warrior. He doesn't understand the thrill of victory!
Disturbing. It truly is.
It's an unnatural blackness that develops on their bark. I noticed it some months ago and it spread like wildfire. It is like nothing I have ever seen before.
TUTORIAL
Yes, and why so many? Why here? Rare souls occasionally wander from the path to the underworld but the forest is full of them. Perhaps it's tied to the Forest Shadow.
I already know him. Let's talk about what you can do for me.
Exit to City
I've already talked to him, thanks. I should be going.
Odd. Could the missing crystal be tied to her aggression? Perhaps if we can reach her, we can find the answers.
You were there to witness it and yet survived. This is very strange indeed. If we can reach her, we can find some answers, though we will have to be careful.
You've just had the... unexpected honor of defeating the Black Whirlwind, the self-styled deadliest mercenary in the Jade Empire.
I thought you were a ghost. Wasn't that clear? Ha! And people say I'm slow.
Does she look at all like she's dead? No! No mask, not floating, clearly not a ghost. You simply wanted a challenge. You are an idiot. A deadly, drunken idiot.
Does this look anything like a ghost? Is he floating, or missing parts, or anything along those lines? No. You are an idiot. A deadly, drunken idiot.
What's wrong with being deadly... or drunk? You may be a lead hunter for some lord, but I'm the deadliest mercenary in the world. You do your job, and I'll do mine.
There's dozens of them, but if you didn't recognize me right away, you must not have heard them.
Now really isn't the time to share them. I'd need about five bowls of wine and a soft patch of ground to even get started.
She is an ancient fox spirit who has always stood guardian over these woods. But now ghosts gather, the trees grow sick, and she seems powerless to stop any of it.
I still find the news of her attack disturbing. I can see why you'd be leery of her, but I can't help but think there's another reason.
An attack? That's... that's not right. She's never been known to attack anyone. I've hunted this forest on my Lord's behalf for a decade and had no trouble.
Would one of you please explain why I was attacked?
What earns a mercenary a title like *cod6*deadliest?*cod6*
Are there any stories of your exploits I would know?
Forget about the attack. If you're Spear Catches Leaf, we need to talk.
Let's talk about the Forest Shadow.
Why would the Forest Shadow attack me?
Tell me more about the disease affecting the trees.
*cod7**cod9**cod8* XP
Why are the ghosts gathering here?
That's enough about the Forest Shadow.
Tell me more about this ritual.
I need your Lord's wind map. Let's figure out what needs to be done.
The man was attacked and killed by the Forest Shadow.
Yifong's daughter, Fuyao has been captured by pirates. She is powerless to deal with these brutal men. Find Fuyao and rescue her from the pirates.
Yifong and Fuyao
[Essence gems are used by healers and upstart sorcerers and are common enough to be wasted on ornamentation. But with this amulet you can tap their true potential.]
[Your people were adept at using essence gems. I kept it from you because power is a beacon. The forces behind the restless dead will take an interest in you.]*cod2*
I don't approve. Are you certain such an extreme measure is necessary?
More time
Though his methods are suspect, no one else knows more about the Marvelous Dragonfly than Kang. Use the windmap he has provided you to uncover more about the contraption and his past.
If you'd prefer, I don't need to use Tho Fan. Now, what brings you here?
The crystal is yours, but remember our deal.
Master Li turned on you in your moment of triumph. You awake in a strange spirit world, no longer among the living. The Water Dragon is calling, drawing you in the direction of a beacon of light. Hopefully she can explain your present condition.
She spoke of your... encounter. She regrets attacking you and considers it a mistake.
She said you would seek to confront her. Go to the upper islands and do so, but know that not all in the forest is as it seems.
I will say no more. Your answers wait with the Forest Shadow.
Why did your mistress attack me?
What do you mean by that cryptic statement?
Stunning Kick
You blocked my attack!
That's...almost too incredible to believe, but then, so is the rapid disease and the number of ghosts here.
I can accept that. I can also appreciate what you have gone through. I have a feeling this forest was beyond my abilities to cure.
It seems a shame. Yet, looking around this place, I would have to wonder what kind of people could survive for months surrounded by blight and the dead.
I shall trust that you did what had to be done. The air certainly seems fresher since you've returned. Perhaps this forest will heal after all.
They're all right, then? I wouldn't have expected that after being isolated here for so long.
Caves? Oh, yes I remember that there was a tiny storage cavern below the inn. I suppose there could be still more.
We may very well do that, and soon. Yes, we should take them supplies and food and see if there's anything else we can do to help them.
True enough. The forest is cured, it seems. If they've survived this long, things will only get easier for them.
True. I should focus on more important matters. There will be some work ahead of me.
It doesn't really matter. I shall deal with the inn in time and see for myself.
One thing I have been meaning to ask you, though. What of the Pilgrim's Rest? Spear Catches Leaf mentioned that you went there to retrieve the crystal.
How do they fare in that place?
What? All of them dead? That's terrible!
They're all dead. Your forest was home to more than the fox spirit.
They were cannibals, serving an ancient demon.
You don't need the details. Just accept that it had to be done.
They died for the right reason.
You should go and see. They'd love to have you.
There's no one left at the inn. They might have retreated to the caves.
You should make your way up there.
You have other things to worry about. Leave the inn to its own devices.
Your forest is cured, that's all that matters.
Looking after your inn wasn't part of our agreement.
The set of steps on the north side open to a path that curves to a clearing. From that clearing, the inn's gateway is clearly visible on the far side.
How do I get to the inn?
Find Spear Catches Leaf at the temple above and see what he has learned. Your wind map will be waiting when you find a cure.
You have reached her? This is exceptionally good news! Did you have... any problems?
Demonic magic? That seems incredible, but in this setting I have no choice but to believe you.
Good. Though I am not a *cod6*believer*cod6* in spiritual matters, I think she is our best hope in this matter.
I would say it is *our* business, but I will trust that you know what you are doing.
If she is not the cause of this forest's corruption, I hope she told you what must be done. Help her in any way you can, and the wind map will be yours.
I have talked with the Forest Shadow.
There is a demon corrupting your forest.
I have agreed to help her.
That is my business.
The ghosts attack everyone! They are mad with...madness! Thank you for keeping me safe.
I am your death, mortal!
That repulsive... I wish I'd known ahead of time. You know, before he hit me.
Will you? Even if you could, I believe you would find it difficult to release so valuable a tool.
Come, then, pit your will against mine. Take him if you can.
Time is better spent doing than talking.
RRRRAAAAAGHHH!
Will you? I wonder why you oppose me when you are so willing to assume my methods.
Enough! You have cut the strings to my puppet, but you will know defeat soon enough. I grow closer to the heavens by the minute.
Take this corpse. See if you can throw away such a useful tool. I will face you at the height of my power, in the heart of *my* Empire.
Your master awaits you, child.
Please, let me rest. Let my spirit finally have some peace.
Do not step down that low road. This is a mockery of life. Step back from the path my brothers took. That I took.
Know this, Spirit Monk. You walk a path very near that of your Master. Both lead to power, but the cost cannot be avoided!
Know this, Spirit Monk! There are prices to pay!
Your Master is diminished with my loss, even if he does not admit it.
Thank you, Spirit Monk, for letting me rest.
We've met before, how could I forget?
We haven't talked, but I've been admiring you from afar ever since your match with Khana.
Here's the deal. I like you. The way you *cod6*dealt*cod6* with Khana showed me that you have the will to do what it takes to win. I know a way you and I can both win in this upcoming fight.
A deal, between two people who know how this place *really* works.
No, I'm trying to find a way to benefit from losing it.
No, but you're too smart to not hear me out.
This is a one-time offer. You listen to it, or you walk away now, and it never comes up again. Sure you want to throw that away so easily?
You know people place bets on the arena fights all the time, right? Things used to go through Lucky Cho. With him dead, the smaller fish are trying to make the big play.
Everyone knows the match between us is coming up. You're good, but the odds say I'm better. This is our chance, while everything's in chaos.
I want to place a bet--on you--big enough that I'll be able to get out of this place whenever I want. If I'm going to lose my title, I deserve that at least.
After what you did to Khana--that arrogant bitch--I can't think of anyone I'd rather take my place. The Silver champion has to be hard to stay there.
You do me a favor, and I'll cut you in for twenty five percent of what Li-Li wins when she places the bet for us. During the fight, I take a dive and we both end the day happy and rich.
You're going to win, and Qui gives you shiny coins when you win. I'm going to lose. This keeps things even.
I'm not open to negotiation on this. That's a fair number.
Khana was gunning for Silver when you took her out. Ended her smug little unbeaten streak, didn't you?
Qui's too weak to do anything about it, and no one else would care except the Serpent. Much of the bet money makes its way into his hands anyway.
From what I hear, you're not exactly in good with the big man, so I doubt you'd be allowed to see him. Even if you were, I don't think he'd be inclined to trust you.\n
I want you to find General Stone Kao. He's here in the city somewhere.
When you find him, challenge him to a duel to the death. The old fool's too proud to decline, even though his skills have over the years.
I hear that he was granted a new blade by the higher-ups to commemorate his retirement. I want no piece of the Army, so it's yours if you defeat him.
I hear word that he's dead before our match, and I take the dive. It's that simple.
He's the one who had me thrown out of the Imperial Army. I'm glad he did now, but he still deserves to pay for the indignity.
I don't want to talk about it, and it doesn't matter.
I'm not a pushover like the others. I'd go down fighting, and if you ask me, I won't be the one clutching myself on the pit floor when all's said and done.
If you want to take that chance, you can, but I'm offering you a chance to make extra coin and make our match a sure thing.
You don't have one. Life's like that. Think about it sensibly, though, and you'll see that this is my way out, and a chance for me to get rich.
Better still, I get to see my division go to someone I respect and who's got the guts to protect it like I did, no matter what it takes. That means a lot to me.
No, it's not. When I hear that General Stone Kao has breathed his last, then it will be a deal.\n
When you've dealt with that old tiger, you come back, talk to me, and I'll give Qui the go ahead to set up our fight. It's that easy.
I just wanted to give you a slice of the action; now I'll have to give you a slice of pain. Go cry to Qui when you're ready, and I'll see you in there!
I know why you're here.
We're not fighting yet, though. We made a deal. I'll hear about it if the General loses his duel to you. Now go find him. He's somewhere out in the city.
Sounds interesting. What do you have in mind?
You're just trying to find a way to save your championship.
I have no reason to trust you.
Don't even start, Soldier. You're going down and nothing will change that.
Tell me. I'm listening.
How do I benefit from this?
Only twenty five percent?
Why did you hate Khana so much?
What if I told people you were planning to take a dive?
I'm still waiting to hear the catch. What's the favor?
Why do you want this general dead?
Why were you thrown out?
It sounds like it would be easier to just face you normally.
What guarantee do I have that you will stick to this?
It's a deal.
I'm not interested. See you in the ring.
Should we get started now, or did you need to review how the fight works?
Ask away. It is your right to know what you face.
I want to ask a few things about this fight first.
For the surprise! You didn't know what was coming, and the crowd could sense that. It added drama!
How could you go around spreading rumors when you don't know what you're talking about? I promised Ai Ling I'd marry her when we were six years old. *Six!*
We were children; it didn't mean anything! And now Lan is gone, and my life is ruined. Ruined!
Mold Master Gi
Mold Master Soto
Executioner Zogu
Kong Bu
Han can't handle any but the most rank amateurs. You were sure to move past him.
You had your chance to deal with me, and you lost it. Find someone else to pester.
I hear the debates are particularly lively in the Scholars' Garden lately.
I have never seen Master Li display such power. He truly is a great man.
I did not know Master Li was so powerful. Why would such a man stay here?
Thank you for helping with the bandits.
I will do as you command.
I already know all this.
Am I supposed to do this alone?
I understand. I'm ready to return to life.
You were so brave to fight those bandits. Master Li has trained you well.
Things must be lean out in the swamps if the bandits would dare attack us.
Those bandits didn't fight nice like you do at the school.
I heard some people died when the bandits attacked. I'm glad you didn't.
Those bandits were scary, but sometimes Master Li is a little scary too.
Who was that man leading the bandits? He was really scary!
This teahouse has gone downhill ever since Three Sheets Dutong took over.
Are you going to bring me back to life or not?
The power of the Water Dragon is divine; any mortal touched by it would be instantly consumed. However, the Emperor found a way to corrupt the divine power.
The immortal purity of the Water Dragon was befouled by human blood spilled in her fountains. Her power was tainted, allowing the Emperor, a mortal, to seize it as his own.
For a mortal, blood is life. A sacrifice of blood can have great power, even over the gods. But now is not the time for this discussion.
The gates are open now; we can make our way through the temple courtyard to the temple itself. Inside the temple, you can complete the restoration of Dirge!
We should make our way through the temple courtyard to the temple itself. There you will be able to complete the restoration of Dirge.
You better explain what's going on... right now!
You grabbed my spirit? How?
Who are you, exactly?
So this is where all the dead spirits come?
What happened? What's wrong?
Wait! Come back!
What is this, some kind of trick?
Why would Master Li betray me?
Why did you bring me here?
So what am I supposed to do now?
I don't believe any of this. Master Li saved me and raised me as his own!
You're sending me to Dirge? Why me?
I still don't understand what I'm supposed to do!
Ha! You're still sore about hearing the truth, aren't you? You'll live, Han.
*cod6*Unexpected*cod6* acts are not always *cod6*successful*cod6* acts.
Many of our order were brought to us as children, orphans we raise to serve our Great Mistress. But a few children are born here at the monastery.
Both your mother and father were Spirit Monks. You were born right here in Dirge and bathed in the sacred fountains, mere days before we were destroyed.
Both your mother and father died in the attack, along with the rest of us who served the Water Dragon.
They were good people. Their love for each other was matched only by their devotion to the Water Dragon herself.
Had they survived, you would have been raised here in Dirge. You would have been instructed from birth in the duties of a Spirit Monk. It is a tragedy you never knew them.
We served the Water Dragon as her guardians and protectors.  We saw to the needs of her physical form, maintained Dirge, and honored her with worship and prayer.
We also served as shepherds for the dead. Most spirits came to Dirge in time, but sometimes a spirit was unable or unwilling to leave the mortal world behind.
We would seek out these lost spirits. Those with unfinished business, or those who had suffered traumatic deaths, would need our help to reach Dirge.
But now that the Water Dragon is gone, none of the spirits can find their way to Dirge. And those already here are trapped; the portal to the afterlife is sealed.
Dirge is a place between. It exists in both the mortal world and the spirit realm, and it leads to the underworld itself. It is a bridge between life and death.
Once it was a holy place, but now it is defiled. Dirge has become a place of great evil and corruption... a corruption that has been growing for the past twenty years.
The Water Dragon is the shepherd of the dead. When people die, their spirits must make the journey from the mortal world to Dirge, where they can pass into the afterlife.
The Water Dragon guides the souls on their journey, leading them here to Dirge... or at least, she did before the Emperor defeated her.
Now the dead have no guide, and Dirge is defiled. The portal to the afterlife is sealed. The dead cannot find peace, and their spirits must wander the mortal world.
With the fountains corrupted, the Water Dragon was vulnerable. The Emperor cut her deeply but did not kill her, keeping her body trapped between life and death.
Her body was taken back to the Imperial City, where it provides an endless supply of water. That was how Sun Hai ended the drought.
If the Water Dragon's body were destroyed, she might be able to be reborn and reform herself. But while her body survives, her spirit is bound to it.
Emperor Sun Hai seized the Water Dragon's heart and took her power. When Li killed his brother, he would have devoured the heart in turn.
Destroying her body is part of the process, but that alone will not restore the Water Dragon. Sun Li must also be defeated... or he will become a god himself.
The Water Dragon was the guide and guardian of spirits. She could guide them to the underworld, so perhaps she can guide you back to life.
But with Dirge defiled, she is all but powerless. She will only be able to help you if you restore the fountains and cleanse Dirge.
What were my parents like?
So blatant... we never thought to look in so humble a place. We expected an army. Your strategy, as always, is impeccable.
Your search is over, Assassin, but no one will hear of your success.
Yet another village with no purpose. I will replenish our supplies and continue my search elsewhere. You will all, of course, have to die.
We will fight you....
You are fodder for the rule of my masters, cowed by ghost stories and loyalty to a dying age. You are dust compared to what is coming.
What is this? One among you has a spine? Your bravery brings only your death. I will not soil my hands on you worthless farmers.
Destroy him!
Destroy her!
You are nothing to me, just a stepping stone in my search!
We are stronger than you think.
Why have you come here? You are no simple bandit.
[TUTORIAL: Remember the basics of group combat.]
For most people, bearded tongue grass would be fine, but I know the fool girl would start practicing again and tear something vital. That could leave her crippled.
You can find him in the center of town. It's hard to miss his shop front. Just look for the dodgy deals.\n
It's no problem. Just remember that you need red silk grass, not bearded tongue. The first one will heal her. The second one will just make her feel better.
Fighting with an improperly treated wound could end her practices permanently, and that's not worth saving a few silvers!
To be fair, I haven't seen her, so I don't know if I can be any help.
It's a privilege of age, you know. Most people see you students in a good light. You're not a bad lot... for the most part.
Yes, we all try our best, even if sometimes it is not enough. I hope that your service comes to a better end than some.
Ha ha! You cannot defeat me even indirectly! My power over Death's Hand cannot be severed!
The Empire was forged out of warring countries by the iron will and inestimable might of Sagacious Tien, the first Emperor.
In titanic battles and tense negotiations he brought harmony to the chaotic world and created a single culture that stands tall over all others.
Gate guards. We're an unappreciated lot. I'm sorry about that student. I truly am.
I'd be more worried about it with dog-bothering bandits coming this way, but I know Master Li's not going to let them harass the Emperor or this town!
What's the difference between the two grasses?
Where is Merchant Fen Do?
Thank you for the help.
Is that all?
Sounds boring.
So destroying her body will restore her?
Here's the proof. Where is my payment?
Fight!
Your dalliance with the Lotus Assassins could be disastrous. I cannot force you to do otherwise, but you may eventually force my hand.
I'll be happy to show you again how wrong you were about my skills.
You filthy little swine. Look what you've done! Do you think I have nothing better to do than to clean up after you pigs all day long?
You'll crash and burn in the Bronze Division. Khana's tighter than a merchant's purse strings, but she's skilled.
Bandits, hmm? I see... see a lot of them. I'd better let someone else have some fun for a change.
Can't abandon the gate. You never know if they are going to sneak around.
Eeeh, no, please! I can't fight. I just didn't want to be a rock-picker in my grandfather's field.
Guarding the gate looked easy! I never thought bandits would actually come!
Please, don't let them get me! Don't let them!
My weapons, yes. Um... I don't know how to use them! I just do this so I don't have to work the fields.
Save us! I don't want to be buried in the field.
Quite a bit of excitement. Yes, bandits can be tricky opponents.
They were lucky I had to stay at my post. Yes. Lucky. Master Li wouldn't like it if I wasn't here to stop his students leaving.
You... you won't tell anyone about what happened, will you? I couldn't leave my post, you know. I can't keep watch over the students if I'm dead.
Right. And I will. While I'm still alive. What do you need?
Please! It's not my fault I'm not as skilled as you. This is just the only job I could get that wasn't... you know... hard.
Couldn't I convince you to... let the glint of silver distract you? A few coins between friends?
I... I wish I could, but this is all I have. It should be enough to cover this simple little thing.
This is it!
Now we see!
Your chi is weak!
I will not be defeated!
The dance of battle...
My style is superior!
Her body was taken to the palace as a grim trophy of the power that ended the Long Drought. All the while, the people hailed the Emperor as a hero, ignorant of the price.
What are you looking at? This doesn't concern you!
Time to teach you all a lesson!
Too bad... because trouble just found you!
You've got a smart mouth. Let's see how smart it is after I knock out all your teeth!
Hui? What are you doing here?
More!
Yes, those are old worries. Thank you for your actions today, even if these men were no real threat. Just simple sailors frustrated at the shallow river that holds them here.
Jian the Iron Fist
There *are* pirates in the area, and they pose a far greater danger. You will likely encounter them... especially if you are the one I am waiting for.
Take this!
My style is perfect!
You test my patience. This was not a request.
I have healed.
Bah! Gang wanted you *cod6*moved,*cod6* but I'll just kill you!
I... I've been poisoned!
Do it quietly, but use force where you must. Succeed and I will introduce you to Grand Inquisitor Jia in the inner chambers. A rare honor for an acolyte.
Lose all changes?
This ends!
Take that!
Use Chi Heal (*cod7*ChiHeal*cod8*) to heal yourself when your Health is low.\n
Leave her alone, or you'll answer to me!
I'm not looking for any trouble.
I just want to watch while you rough her up.
If you have high Chi, you can remain in combat longer by using Chi Heal to recover your Health.\n
Support styles can deal damage if you use Chi Strike, but each such attack drains a little Chi.\n
The monk spade evolved from the common shovel to become a weapon feared across the Empire for its ferocity and grace. The spade's wide, sharpened blade and long staff make it useful for slashing foes at a distance, while the other end's crescent blade allows deadly follow-up attacks. Very few warriors are even proficient in the monk spade, but a true master of the weapon can easily keep foes at bay with flawless sweeping motions of the spade's devastating, flashing blade.
Monk Spade
You two know each other?
Child? What child?
I was the child, right?
Who was this child?
Where is this child now?
This doesn't really concern me.
This style may not be unselected
Buying a new weapon will replace the old one of the same type. For example, a new long sword will replace your old long sword.\n
Stop where you are.
A young lifetime of study. That can't be an easy youth, but the training can take you far if you use it correctly.
That is true enough, though those with your skills often walk with more humility.
They grow worse by the day, and I've almost given up hope of finding a solution.
The brothers Sung will waste no more time with you.
User Saves
Plot Saves
Cannibal Caves
[Intimidation] This is just sad. You need to impress her, Chumin!
It's too late to turn back now. We have to finish this before it gets worse!
The servant cannot survive without the soul, separate though it is.
rubble 2
exit
What? What nonsense is this?
rubble 3
rubble 4
rubble 5
Shouldn't killing outlaws yield some good silver? All I've found is this troublesome creature, and she won't do a thing I say. Her last keeper trained her too well.
If we can't get any work out of her, I want her cut and carved for tomorrow. If I have to be out here on Gao's little errand, at least I can be well fed.
Look out, it must be more bandits! Get them!
Health +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*The Guardian, Chai Ka, has regained control over Wild Flower from the demon Ya Zhen. He is grateful for all that you have done for both him and the girl, and he lends his strength and wisdom against the troubles to come.*cod2**cod2*
Let's go get your weapon from Gujin's workshop. It shouldn't be too hard to fend off simple bandits. They are foolish to attempt such an attack.
Of course. Good company will make the walk go faster.
Actually, Master Li suggested that I accompany you, just in case you need assistance. He is overly protective, as always.
I know you might prefer to focus on your own thoughts, but I will be nearby should you need me.
Of course. I can speak now or during our walk. Master Li suggested that I accompany you, in case you require assistance.
His workshop is in the center of the village by the gate, up the stairs from the square. It's the largest and most permanent building.
You must be tired if you are asking me about that. You've talked to him many times.
You must be teasing me now. As I said, Gujin's workshop is by the village gate, the largest building up the stairs from the square, right where it has always been.
I don't want to go into this again. You know how I feel about my chi abilities. I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to think about it too much. Manipulating chi has not come as naturally to me as it has to you. The things I do are... different.
Who would have thought Hapless Han would lose? At least, not like *that.*
I can see spirit shapes and hear the odd whisper. Master Li was surprised, but he has not had time to look into it further. Your training is his primary interest.
Hopefully, I'll find my skills useful for more than just keeping me up at night. Could we go on to something else?
We are all spiritual creatures. When we die, our spirits are released to find their way to the underworld. The journey eases the transition from life to death.
If their time among the living was troubled or painful, spirits sometimes get lost. They can seem almost alive and are often mistaken for living creatures.
They usually only appear for a short time. They say what they need to say and then are drawn to the underworld.
If a person's life was very traumatic, his or her spirit can lose its way for a long time. They can go mad trapped in the world of the living.
Maddened spirits change. They lose their connection to the living world and begin to channel darker emotions. They can be very dangerous.
I've only seen hints of those. It's been enough. I'm very worried about what may be coming.
I don't know. That's the kind of thing old men sit on mountains to discover. Some say it is a place of judgment. Maybe it's about reincarnation.
You'd think we could just ask the spirits themselves, but if we can't really understand our own answers, how can we hope to fathom theirs?
I know that people should not be able to do what that assassin sorcerer did. Summoning ghosts like that... I thought spirits drifted to the underworld.
We should get your weapon as quickly as we can. I am honored that Master Li feels I am worthy of standing beside you.
Then we should return to Master Li so he can talk to you about this attack.
Then you should address Gao's challenge. Return to Master Li, and he will signal for it to begin.
Do not distance yourself too much from the rest of us. What does Master Li say? That you should keep the basics close to heart?
I like hearing about the great things you are destined for, even if they are unknown. You are filled with promise. My skills are darker.
I don't like your *cod6*bad feelings.*cod6* They always end up being right. Remember the grass fire? Half of the fields gone in a day, and you knew it would happen.
Listen to me, Gao. Your son may not be lost forever. The Lotus Assassins have power, even over the dead.
I know all about the necromancy of the Lotus Assassins! Take your false hope and go, or I'll.... Wait.
You are one of Master Li's students! You... you are the one who killed my Gao!
Damn you and that school! My Gao was never good enough for Master Li; you were always his prize pupil. And now my son is...
Enough, Gao! This troublemaker has disrupted our plans from the beginning. It had to be them in the ruins, and someone aided the troublesome Lord Yun in the forest.
Off you go. Soldier and I have things to discuss.
What sort of things do you keep an eye on?
What can you tell me about Kai Lan the Serpent?
Tell me more about Lucky Cho.
Can we talk about you and Soldier again?
How do you help Soldier train?
Soldier suffers from a lot of tension, does he?
Let's change the subject entirely.
Can I ask you some questions about the city?
I should get back to what I was doing.
How was the Empire formed?
Ha! It doesn't take a scholar to see that I'm hardly normal! Real warriors are large, strong, and aren't folded in half before getting to the battle field.
See your weakness?
Chest
Cut - Slaver Key
Cut - *cod15*Description of Slaver Key
Grab a bottle and use Drunken Master to defeat the ghost.
Speak with Captain Ing
Sheng said one of the locals would give you a reward for closing the dam. Speak with Captain Ing by the Beggar's Pier before closing the dam.
This is your problem, not mine. I don't have time to waste on you.
Flooded Ruins
With the flooding of the ruins of the old Tien's Landing, there's no way you can reach the orphan spirits. Hopefully they have found some peace in the waters.
There's nothing else I need from you, Qui.
This does not concern you, child.
Of course. Silly of me to bring it up. What were you saying?
I'll just mark you down as an idiot. Carry on.
Seriously, you're using the wrong words, it makes you sound like a fool.
Continue to examine me so closely and that's not all I will grab, dog!
You size me up like market day livestock!
You cannot resist us.
Before I agree to anything, I need to know the rules of this tournament.
Wait. Before we go any further, I just need to make sure you understand what you are getting into.
Let me know if you need something. I'll be around.
I wish I could have helped fight the bandits, but Master Li ordered everyone to stay here.
I wish I had seen Master Li destroy the bandits. That style he used sounded impressive.
Master Li does not demonstrate his skills very often. He must have been very concerned for your safety.
Smiling Mountain has been telling us to study your moves in his training sessions since the bandits came.
Why would bandits attack the village? I guess there are fewer travelers to attack because of the ghost rumors.
The village is lucky that Master Li is here to protect it. He would never let anything bad happen to Two Rivers.
You place yourself in a precarious position, my young friend.
I would hate to see your career stagnate.
You see.... What is that noise?
Damn you, Serpent! I'll kill you where you stand!
No you won't, Whirlwind.
Just like last time, you will leave. I can see that this polite discussion has concluded, as so many do in your odorous presence.
We may talk again. Perhaps.
Just go away. You've hurt me enough already.
Hello again, honorable one. Did you get the chance to speak with Ai Ling? Is she going to leave me alone now?
I understand. I hope this gets settled before my next scheduled beating. I'm not sure how much more I can take.
What? That's preposterous! She's lying. Lan's the only woman I ever proposed to. I don't know why Ai Ling would say something like that!
If Lan heard these lies... well, I don't know what she'd do. Please, see if you can get this straightened out with Ai Ling, before these rumors get back to my fiancée.\n
Hey, Baker Bei, how are you today?
Go away! I told you I want no part of this. Tell Ai Ling to leave me alone!
Public displays of rage and drunkenness, uttered threats of murder, excessive violence, property damage and, I believe, several charges of defecating in public.
If you trust him, you are a fool. The Black Whirlwind is an impressive fighter, but he is better avoided than confronted.
To become champion yourself you will need my support. That means you and I will work together closely.
An amicable arrangement. One that will benefit both of us.
A wise position to take in any negotiation. I can respect that.
Nothing I don't already know. I can accept him as he is.
The fool's almost more trouble than he's worth.
I'm interested. What are you proposing?
Tell me your offer before I decide anything.
I want nothing to do with you, Serpent.
If you want to tell Ai Ling something, go tell her yourself. In the meantime, we have our orders. Nothing personal.
It's a little personal with me. I like sticking your face in the gutter.
You were never in any real danger, but now the crowd knows you're no average warrior.
I understand your consterns. We wanted to test the demon against an exceptional fighter, you see.
Can you believe that these thugs would just attack me in broad daylight like that?
They... they might have killed me if you hadn't stepped in. Thank you. I never expected such help from a stranger.
You spoke to Lan? How humiliating! My fiancée must have told you I can't protect myself. The woman I love doesn't have any faith in me! Oh, the shame! I'll never live this down.
Those thugs are acting on Ai Ling's orders. She's the head of their gang. They have a small hideout in the boathouse.
I didn't mean to sound ungrateful. I'm just worried about Lan. She's very emotional. I've done my best to try and keep her from becoming involved in this.
Ai Ling and I were friends when we were children, but we drifted apart as we grew up. She fell in with some rough people... as you've already seen.
Ever since I got engaged, Ai Ling has become obsessed with me. Every day she sends her thugs to beat me up. She says she won't stop until I go talk to her.
Thank you so much! Ai Ling and her thugs are in the boathouse. Please, just ask her to leave me alone. All we want is to live our lives in peace.
No, don't do that! Ai Ling and I were friends once, even if it was a long time ago. I... I don't want to see her dead. Not if there's another way.
You! How could you do this to me? Lan just told me our marriage is off! She said you told her I promised to marry Ai Ling!
I'm convinced that you deserve a shot at Crimson Khana. Your victory has sealed the deal.
Why wasn't I warned?
You want to settle this with fists?
A promise is a promise, Bei.
I'm still looking into it.
Ai Ling says you promised to marry her.
Involved in what, exactly?
Quit whining, or you might still get a beating today.
You better tell me what's going on.
So why don't you go talk to her?
Maybe I could talk to Ai Ling for you.
I could kill Ai Ling. That would solve your problems.
She has to be doing this for a reason.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Everyone thinks Bei and that little seamstress make such a nice couple... but Bei already promised to marry me!
That sounds like a threat. I don't respond well to threats. Besides, Bei's only getting what he deserves. He brought this on himself.
Bei promised to give me all that. He promised to marry me, and now he's trying to weasel out of it. But a promise is a promise. I won't forget that, even if he tries to.
Yeah, okay. If he has the guts to come here and face me, I'll talk to him. But I'm not going to let him weasel out of his promise!
Yeah, you do that. Go tell Lan what kind of man Bei really is. See how she likes it when she finds out her perfect fiancé proposed to another woman!
So that's how it's going to be? You'd rather fight me and my boys than make Baker Bei own up to what he did?
Nobody threatens me in here. Come on boys, time to do our thing!
Back again? Can't leave a girl alone, can you? Well, what do you want?
I'll leave you two alone.
What about my reward?
Wow, you sure are pretty! And you got a real nice club here for you and your friends. My name's Tian, but everyone calls me Big Tian 'cause I'm so big.
I wondered how long it would be before you made your way down here. I'm sure I don't need to tell you, but the air has changed considerably!
My family has always been tied to the Forest Shadow in some strange way, and I can tell she's dead. It's a shame, but looking at these trees, I can see why it had to be done.
I'm just glad you were there to handle things. Dealing with a maddened fox might have been beyond my skill.
I imagine so. It was most unnerving to simply *cod6*know*cod6* that she was gone. How very strange. All for the best, I'm sure.
The Forest Shadow herself appeared here in this camp while the earth shook. She explained what was happening on my lands.
A being of two parts cannot exist without both.
Oblivion... is preferable.
It... it would appear that I have made my plans without all of the necessary information. I have made this mistake once before, in regards to you, child.
Nevertheless, while I have lost a valuable pawn, I have not yet lost to *you*. We will meet in the heart of *my* Empire, when I am at the height of my power.
She explained what happened in the inn. Nasty business that. Glad you had the skills to deal with that... Mother, was it?
That they did. Imagine, such horrors trapped under my own land!
Do you not appreciate the value of a wind map? I risk death at the Assassins' hands by even giving you a rough copy of one!
[Success] That is true. I'll not have it said that I ask people to place their lives on the line for a pittance. Here, take this purse; it should set us even.
[Success] That is true. Here, this purse should place us on more even footing.
[Success] That is a valid point. Warriors of your skill are rare, even in the Imperial City. Take this purse, and consider us even.
[Failure] I have heard more convincing arguments from drunk courtiers in the Imperial City. Our deal stands in its original form.
Here is the wind map you wanted. The copy is near perfect, and I assure you that the Assassins will never know you have it.
For now, I think I will look after this land. With the Forest Shadow gone, I'm sure the trees will restore themselves in time.
Why are you picking on Bei?
Stay away from Baker Bei.
Let me bring Bei here. Maybe we can work something out.
I'll go get Bei right now.
I need to look into this some more.
We will stay on here for a while. These trees will need tending.
Stay away from Bei, or things will get ugly.
Leave him alone, or you're dead!
I wish you the best in your travels. We will remain here for a time and tend to this forest.
Remember that our little exchange, for all intents and purposes, never occurred. Fly well, and tell no one where you found the map.
Spear tells me you've made considerable progress! Regardless, I hope that fellow I hired--that *cod6*Brown Cyclone*cod6* fellow--helps you as best he can.
Give him a chance. You can be pretty intimidating.
Better whip this weakling into shape, Ai Ling.
[Charm] Ai Ling's fiery. That's part of her charm.
[Intimidation] You can't back down now, she's desperate enough to talk to you, after all.
Calm down. That's just the way he talks.
Yeah, he can be a bit of an ass.
That's the Black Whirlwind! Get it wrong again and I'm likely to forget you're paying my way.
This place isn't cured yet, though. Don't bother me with trivial details until you've found some conclusive way to restore this forest.
[Continue exploring Dirge.]
Hmm... you refuse to see it, don't you? You must know who Death's Hand is by now, but *what* he is defies you, defies your skill. He is more than Sun Kin ever was.
Sun Hai linked him to the stolen power of the Water Dragon, and bound him to my armor to taunt me. An unrelenting, unbeatable force that wore the face of my betrayal. Now he is mine.
Do you appeal to my good nature? My conscience? There is no malice in my actions, no lust for glory. I did what *had* to be done.
Do you pretend to have insight into my character, some great truth from beyond the pale that will reform me? I am no villain. There is no malice in my actions.
Have my words so injured you in the past? There was no malice in my use of your talents. You were merely a tool, your destiny a convenient path to power.
I had no choice. My brother had no restraint. A world under his heel would be chaotic and violent. I will bring order. I will ensure that everyone is safe within their roles.
It depends on how long you have to spend waiting. My flyer will not return for at least a month, as I knew it would take some time to set matters straight.
You claim intimate knowledge of me. I should have suspected that a journey through death would reveal many secrets. But your understanding is flawed.
I am not here out of revenge. Sorrow at their deaths did not bring me here, but rather anger at my brother for destroying my possessions in so petty a manner.
What foolishness is this? Death has addled your senses. You bring up memories that are mine alone to bear, and then you claim that they are false?
I will not hear this. Your tongue profanes a place in my heart where no one is permitted.
Hahaha! You are truly speaking nonsense! Dawn Star? Ridiculous! But... you have no doubt, your voice is unwavering. You believe this with all your being.
You force my hand. I must picture her, unblinded by strategy or hate, and consider what it would mean if she truly were my child.
I must answer, it does not matter.
If I had the emotions you think I should, I would have defended her or died at her side. But her death had no real meaning to me, so neither does her life.
I am forced to confess that my first feeling was not sorrow at her loss, but anger at my brother for destroying my possessions in so petty a manner.
In the end, it changes nothing. I intend to make the Empire a better place. As a god, it will be a simple matter.
Enough! What's done is done! If you think I am a monster for claiming power, so be it! I intend to make the Empire a better place. As a god, it will be a simple matter.
Arise, Death's Hand! You are bound to this power, and you will not stop until this fool is dead!
You have learned much about your heritage as a Spirit Monk, but you missed the most important lesson. They are all dead! Their skill did not save them.
Ah yes, I learned that your trinket was a focus and not a source. So your abilities are inherent, but that did not save your fellow monks and it will not save you.
Do you intend to rescue Death's Hand? Perhaps you think you can appeal to *his* conscience, to the remnants of Kin that swim in that helmet.
You use everyone. As a Spirit Monk I can take Death's Hand away from you.
I can use that power, as well, Li. And I can shape it without the amulet.
I'll help Sun Kin resist you by binding him to me. I can free him after.
Rescue him? I'll turn him against you and bind him to *my* will instead!
You hide your ambition behind sentiment. Well, Dawn Star is your daughter. What now?
I'm glad you are still all right. This place is not well.
Master Li is right. Death's Hand is too useful to give up.
Only a fool would throw away such a follower. Death's Hand will be mine!
Spear Catches Leaf tells me you have made considerable progress toward meeting the Forest Shadow. You need to carry on.
If you discover that the Forest Shadow is behind this disease, then you must stop her. I would prefer things end peacefully, but... this forest must be saved at any cost.
Very well, I will not use the tactics of my enemy. You will be free.
Calm yourself. I will release you from this prison.
The more you know about this place, the better chance you have of finding a cure, I agree.
What you see here is only a small segment of the Great Southern Forest. As you climb this path, you'll be able to see more of the forest stretching around us.
Normally, this forest is heavily traveled, with caravans moving north and south. As these are my lands, I collect a moderate income from their passage.
That is why I'm so motivated to cure this place. I'm sure that the ghosts are drawn here by the same force that's sickening the trees.
I know very little about the fox. My ancestors were said to have very good relations with her, but such things are frowned upon in this day and age.
I honestly don't remember. I'm sure it was some highly romanticized legend passed down through the line of my fathers.
Knowing fox spirits, some ancestor of mine proved particularly worthy in a test of his honor.
That's always the way those silly stories go: A man or woman is tested and either rewarded or punished at the fox's whims.
Current sentiment in the court is decidedly secular. The Emperor has become distant where the heavens are concerned, and the court has adopted his attitudes.
Public displays of religious fervor among the lower classes are frowned upon, if not quickly silenced by the Lotus Assassins.
Between us, I think Death's Hand has influenced him. If the gods are ignored, then men are the final arbiters of right and wrong.
Death's Hand controls the Lotus Assassins, who judge and execute as they see fit. If the gods cannot interfere in that, then the Assassins hold all the power in the world.
Fox spirits are heaven's tricksters. They can assume human form and walk among us if they wish.
In most of the stories, they test men and women to see if their virtues and honor are true. Those who fail are punished, while those who pass are rewarded.
I don't know what to make of the situation in the forest, but I worry. There are other, darker tales of foxes who have no rhyme or reason to their actions.\n
They work apart from heaven and do whatever their whims guide them to do. More often than not, the humans pay the price of their capricious desires.
Good. The fox is an uncomfortable subject.
No... please don't, Zhong. I'll... just go over here and leave you alone.
What else would aid you?
I was beginning to think there may be no cure for this place. Your arrival has given me some small measure of hope.
She died for the right reasons.
Those beasts had to be eliminated. I'm glad I could help.
There's still the matter of the wind map.
Considering what I faced, my price has gone up.
[Charm] I risked death to find a solution for you. Surely you believe that risk justifies rewards?
[Intimidation] What I have done on your behalf is worth more than some scrap of paper!
[Intuition] What would you have paid to bring in someone who could deal with this?
You're right. Forget I asked.
[Get some rest.]
Address Your Followers
Is there any chance you could fly me to the Imperial City?
Please... please excuse me. I know I shouldn't be crying in public like this, but I just... I just can't help it.
Please... I'm just a humble woman. My name is Seamstress Lan, and I have a problem I don't know how to solve. I thought... I thought you could help, but I was afraid to speak to you.
You aren't brave enough for such a fast and low flowing river?
Dead? How... how awful. But what did she say about Bei? Why was she having her men attack my fiancé?
Yes, I suppose you're right. I am glad this is over. Now perhaps Bei and I can have a nice, quiet life together.
He... he promised to marry her? That slug! That slithering snake! How could he do this to me! I'll never marry him now! Never!
Did you find Bei? Were you able to stop the thugs from hurting him?
A woman? What is her interest in my fiancé? Do you know who she is? You have to talk to her! Tell her to leave him alone! He's mine. Make her leave him alone!
Did you go down to Beggar's Pier? Did you find my fiancé, Baker Bei? He's... he's not dead, is he?
You've forgotten? I... I guess you must have more important things on your mind. But you promised to save my fiancé from the thugs who constantly beat him up, remember?
The Prefect's ship will try to stay on course at all times. Protect it!
It's my fiancé, Baker Bei. Every day a group of thugs attacks him and beats him up. He tries to avoid them, but they find him wherever he goes.
The beatings are getting worse. I'm... I'm terrified they're going to kill him! After I saw you take on those sailors, I thought... well....
For the life of my fiancé? I will give you my entire dowry. Bei is a good man who will marry me even without it, and my dowry is a small price to pay to keep him alive.
Thank you so much, kind sir! You don't know what this means to me! If our firstborn is a boy, he shall have your name.
I knew you'd understand, being a woman. Thank you, my lady! If our firstborn is a girl, she shall have your name.
Bei is down at Beggar's Pier right now, in the southeast corner of town. If you hurry, you can probably get there before the thugs attack him today.
No, of course not. I... I should never have approached you. I'm just so worried about Bei! I won't bother you again. I'll try to cry quietly so I won't bother you.
I... of course. I didn't mean to disturb you. I'm sorry. Please, I don't want any trouble. I've got enough trouble as it is.
I am sorry, great one. I humbly beg your forgiveness. I'll... I'll try to cry quietly.
I'm sorry if my crying is bothering you, great one. I'm trying to be as quiet as I can, but it's hard when the one you love is suffering.
No... of course not. You must be very busy. I'm sorry, I don't mean to pressure you. I'm just so worried about Bei.
Did you speak to this... this woman who is after my fiancé? Did you find out why she's interested in Bei?
You did? What... what did she say?
I certainly won't use it to marry that snake Bei. I can't believe he had me fooled like that! I... I think I need to be alone for a while.
It doesn't matter. She's gone and Bei is yours.
Bei promised to marry her. Makes you wonder what other lies he's told you.
Maybe you should talk to him before you do anything rash.
The thugs work for a woman who's interested in Bei.
What did you need me to do again?
I'll take care of those thugs for you.
How much can you pay me?
It's a deal. I'll take care of those thugs for you.
Keep your dowry... I'll help you anyway.
Your sobbing is annoying me.
Just keep it down.
Maybe I can help.
I spoke to her.
Her name is Ai Ling. Bei promised to marry her.
Her name was Ai Ling. She won't be a problem anymore... she's dead.
That's why I cheer for Iron Soldier. He sneers at the crowds, the fighters, even the system, and none of them can defeat him.
May all nine orifices stay solvent, qualifier!\n
I'm s-sorry. I meant no offense. I just want to do the best job I can, even if the task is just meant to keep me busy.
I d-did not mean to anger you, but the attack has given me a new appreciation for my task. We must always be wary, even if there is little danger of a second attack.
W...what do you mean? Some sort of test? Ask me anything, I am ready to try.
There are just certain things I prefer to deal with alone. I mean no offense.
Master Li was looking to speak with you, wasn't he? After he left me here, he went back to his house in the center of the school, if you're looking for him.
Master Li! Listen to me, it does not have to be this way!
The school has been closed due to the bandit attack. You will have to fight the bandits while I wait for Master Li to return with Kia Min, the wounded student.
You don't understand. I don't know how to fight. I only just arrived, and Master Li has delayed my training to attend to some other matter.
It is to my shame, but I am just not able to wade into that bandit attack. I will guard the gate as best I can, but that is all I can do.
I can't! I only just arrived, and Master Li has delayed my training to attend to some other matter!
I wish I could, but I am just not able. I will guard the gate as best I can, but I can't wade into a bandit attack.
I will try.
They are swarming on the beach.
I knew you would not let those bandits overrun the village. I hope I equal your skill some day.
To the Lotus Assassin Fortress
I don't like surprises. From now on, I want to know what I'm fighting and why.
Could I ask you some questions?
Guarding the school gate doesn't seem like a complicated job.
Answer when I address you, student!
Go on about your task, then.
Bandits are coming here? What do they want with Two Rivers?
If you are guarding this gate, let's make sure you know how to defend it.
Any help is welcome. Come to the beach.
Coward! Get a weapon and move!
Very well. Let no one through!
Bandit Leader
What? Oh, hello there. Don't let Zhong bother you. He's really quite harmless. He's just a little... upset right now.
You'd be angry, too, if you had to stand here and listen to *your* babble! Now get out!
I'm not angry at all, just sad that you'll soon be dead if you don't get out of my dining hall!
Because I haven't strangled a student yet today! Care to make me feel better?
Questions about what? Go ask your teacher if you have questions.
You interrupt my work for nothing! Get out! Get out! Get out!
These mindless hordes...they were just a diversion. You beat them all, but now *he* is coming.
So, you've rid us of that pesky Master Radiant. Well, good riddance, I say. I don't like spirits in my home. Even the good ones.
It's about time somebody dealt with that rogue Smiling Hawk. Of course, now I have to clean up the mess you two made!
Yes, mistress... I mean no, mistress!
Get out! Get out of here before I break your skull open, you little rat!
It was unfortunate that her body failed her. Unfortunate and unexpected.
Your defeat of Khana was most impressive. Before today, it seemed she was set to go a long way.
Perhaps you have heard the tale of One-Armed Chen, who became champion centuries ago by virtue of being the only fighter on the roster.
Chen's portentous regurgitation occurred at a questionably hygienic banquet held to honor the arena. The salmon, by all reports, was more than a trifle *cod6*off.*cod6*
Our last words echo the rhythmic structure of Lord Chu Yeung's unsuccessful plea for mercy before his beheading.
I am sworn to serve you, the rightful owner of this gem. I am bound to guard and protect you, so that you might fulfill your destiny.
The honor is mine, great one. My purpose is to help you fulfill your destiny, and I will do this to the best of my ability.
Yes... First Brother. I... apologize for my outburst.
I'm very sorry about that. We are not accustomed to having visitors. My name is First Brother Kai. Welcome to the Black Leopard School.
No, nothing more than usual. Normally this kind of thing would never happen.
I'm... I'm sorry. I won't bother you anymore.
I know for a fact that he had Pretty Li-Li with him. Soldier may have few morals and fewer qualms, but I doubt he would start a fight where she could be in danger.
When I asked, he told me to stuff myself into something uncomfortable. Not those *exact* words of course, but I claim to more refinity than to repeat his comment.
You may as well go down to the pens now. Soldier won't fight until you do. That was one thing he was most incessant upon.
I have burned entire towns to the ground to avenge some petty dispute between lords, and led men to slaughter peasants by the score for their meager possessions.
It is all to easy to lose your conscience once you have denied it. I was not always like this, but I remember all too well how my descent began.
My father died when I was still a girl, and with him gone I felt no sense of direction. I had no other family to turn to, and so I was alone.
I met a boy. He was a natural leader; he had drive and direction. I was in love.
He used to enjoy tormenting the children of our village, and I thought it was all fun. Then one day....
MINIMAP
That was exactly how I wanted your Gold Division matches to start. You need the people on your side before you can face the Ravager.
No one knows. His strength is almost inhuman, but we are sure he is no demon.
Your match could end in death. It almost happened when Sung Bu faced him alone, and he was the last opponent to tackle the champion alone.
I wish that I had another dozen fighters who could rise through the ranks with your alacricity! Sadly, I do not.
Soldier's adamantly refused to face you, and until I hear otherwise from him, the fight seems stalled.
Are you going to head down to the creature pens now, or was there something else on your mind?
Display on-screen navigation map.
Our match will be a death match, then?
With the resources he controls in this place, Kai Lan's now turning his attentions to the rest of the Guild.
I figured that if Raging Ox had been killed, only one person I could think of possessed the skills to do it: his brother. For his sake, I kept my peace.
If the style was banned, why am I facing it?
Set up the fight. I will face this Phoenix Unity style.
I'm not ready for my next fight yet.
How does this fight work?
How many opponents will I have to face?
Has anyone else gone through this kind of battle?
That's all the questions I have about the Imperial Engagement.
You're going to be a good Imperial Champion. Sung Bu is sure of it.
Tell me again.
I'm ready to face him.
Now's not the time for me to face him.
[Success] Of... of course. If I want your assistance, I should pay a respectful amount.
This should close the matter, I think, and we can get back to normal. Do you need anything else?
[Failure] You make a fine point, but I'm not willing to pay that much to keep the good will of a few farmers.
[Success] I suppose I stand to lose a fair amount if I don't have the respect of the village. You are right.
[Success] I'm sorry. I didn't mean to insult you with a paltry offer. Forgive me. I meant no offense.
Yes indeed. Quiet as a coward, but a living one.
No, I am usually very careful about... Hey! We agreed to keep my... shortcomings as a guard just between us.
Besides, this is about Gao, and he definitely hit me. He was carrying a sack, and I asked if he needed help.
Why do you need to ask? A bandit attack isn't of enough interest? What else would people talk about?
Everyone is needed. Get ready to fight.
Coward! Get your weapons ready!
Forget it. Your shame is your own to deal with.
You are worthless. Why shouldn't I tell everyone?
Oh, I think you'll give me more than a few.
[Charm] Friends keep secrets, but friends are also generous.
[Intuition] Your dignity isn't worth much, but I am selling respect.
[Intimidation] Enough for you, perhaps, but I am your better!
Fine. Just be quiet.
Keep the curse of your coward's coins to yourself. Forget it.
Are you sure you didn't hit your head ducking too fast?
Now that's a woman! I wouldn't mind taking a beating from her myself.
Your words do not frighten me. I know all about you. More than you might know yourself.
It's been quite a while since we faced each other. It will be nice to have another chance to deal with you.
Go ahead, you've earned it! Ha! General Kao dead and Soldier rolling in more silver than he knows what to do with.
I'm glad I stuck around to see Kai Lan finished. You've got guts and skill. You might even be better than me, you know?
You've got to finish this thing. The Ravager's nothing. You need to eliminate Kai Lan, or he'll just make things worse.
I'm going to stay around and keep tabs on you. I expect things will be interesting around here for the next little while.
Careful, girl. I might have rolled over once, but you let your guard down and you're mine!
Don't think that I'm going to forget that *you* were the one to take my division from me.
Uhhh, yeah. That could be tricky.
I learned about the guards the hard way. Of course, they learned about me too!
It must be hard working yourself into that foul a temper each day.
If you hate pretty much everyone, it's easy enough.
Ignore this trash. He's been mocking the Imperial Army for years with his name, and I can't think why they haven't dealt with him yet.
I bet you really haul in the fans with that attitude.
Real men don't need people stroking their ego all the time.
Ya Zhen: This Iron Soldier's made a career of being a miserable cur while beating the tar out of people. He has potential!
Iron Soldier's fame comes as much from his foul temper and ego as it does from his skill. The people love to despise him.
If you can't bend without cutting yourself on morality, you're no good in a real fight.
Not much to do at the top is there, champion?
Go on and keep climbing the ranks. If you get high enough, you might just break your neck when you fall.
The crowd loves it. They need someone to hate, and I give them that. You might be popular now while everyone loves you, but hate lasts.
Given half the chance, yes! If you can't handle it, you don't need to talk to me.
Don't go getting all soft on me. You keep focused on the Gold Division.
Indeed. The gentleman with you has already gotten a head start on things.
Hey, you're the woman the captain said to look out for! He said to tell you thank you very much, and to give you this.
I think he couldn't wait to get out on the river... and as soon as the water came back, he left!
Thanks so much! Wow, now I can eat for another day. Does it get better than this?
Um... okay. Yes, I'll just go now.
Some people give faithful messengers a tip. But then, some people are nice.
Thank you. Here's a silver piece.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Now, don't go getting jealous. You're a fine fighter and a good friend, but I have no interest in you. But her... what a woman!
Don't be getting any ideas, now! She's not your type, anyway. I don't want to have to fight you for her, but I will, if I have to.
I'm glad we understand each other. Look... here she comes.
This isn't a public restaurant. We only serve the students here. You'll have to go back to the city if you're hungry.
Don't mind us, mistress. We just wanted to know how you came about your beautiful name. It seems so... fitting.
Don't patronize me, you overgrown tree stump! I had a beautiful singing voice... but it was ruined during a freak costume incident during an opera I was performing.
Don't flatter me. I've had enough of that throughout my life. I once sang for the Emperor himself. I may not have my voice... but I still have my dignity!
That's really too bad, mistress. I would enjoy hearing you sing. Perhaps over a bowl of wine sometime?
I'd rather be dipped in boiling oil and fed to cannibals! Now get out of my dining hall! I have work to do!
Good. I have better things to do than to stand around and talk to strangers all day long.
What a woman!
Now you see why I need you. You have the power to deal death to the spirits... to Radiant!
You again! If you don't get out of my dining hall, I'll throw you out myself!
Zin Bu the Magic Abacus
Yes, what is it this time?
Because I have to deal with little runts like you all day long! Now get out!
Why are you so angry all the time?
I just wanted to ask you some questions.
What do you know about the masters?
Nothing. I should be going.
Really? I didn't think she'd be your type.
You a have very... discerning taste in women, I see.
That's an image I'd rather not have in my mind.
That's... too bad. But you must follow your heart.
I'm... sorry to hear that, Black Whirlwind.
She's a very... fortunate woman.
Don't worry, Black Whirlwind. She's all yours.
I wouldn't dream of it. Honest.
If you insist, I'll let you have her.
Well, it's still a beautiful name.
We should be going now. Goodbye.
What do you want? You're working for Purveyor Shouji aren't you? Please don't tell him I haven't gone yet. I'm going now... even though it will probably get me killed.
You... don't know the purveyor? I'm sorry... I thought... never mind. I'm Jinlin. Is there something you want?
A startling revelation from Kang.
Never mind. I should be going.
Show Gore
Disable combat gore. Does not apply to in-game movies.
I'm... sorry. I'm just a little upset. I... I'm Jinlin. Is there something you want?
Thanks, but I need to find a way to kill spirits. Purveyor Shouji wants me to fetch an artifact from an emperor's tomb in the Necropolis, but it's filled with ghosts.
The purveyor is... he threatened to sell my mom to slave traders if I don't get this artifact. I don't know what to do... I can't fight ghosts.
My father worked for Purveyor Shouji until he... died. He left last week to retrieve the same artifact for the purveyor. The ghosts must have... killed him.
When my father disappeared, he had some of the purveyor's equipment. Now Purveyor Shouji says we must repay him.
My mother works for him, but I don't know where he's taken her... and I have to sneak around ghosts and other beasts to fetch the purveyor's trinkets and baubles.
I only know what Shouji told me, and that's not much. He called it a... pestle and mortar. It's a bowl and a mixer, I think. He said it had something to do with a recipe.
I don't know if you use it to make something, or if the recipe is in the bowl already. Anyway, the purveyor is very interested in it. I've never seen him so anxious.
Purveyor doesn't do that kind of work. He likes to get other people to do it for him. Besides, the tomb is locked from the inside, but there's a small opening.
He says I'm small enough to fit through the crack in the wall. I don't mind that as much as the ghosts. The tomb is filled with them. Once I'm in, I'll just be killed.
Really? It would be very dangerous, and I don't have anything to give you in return. Are you sure you want to do this?
Thank you... you are very kind. My father would have liked you, I think. He was brave like you are.
I... see. Well, thank you just the same. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't offered.
The tomb is over in the Necropolis. The door is locked, but I can sneak inside and open it. I just have to be careful not to alert the ghosts.
If you really think you can get rid of the ghosts, I'll head over to the tomb and wait for you there.
Great. I'll wait by the steps of the emperor's tomb. I'm sure you'll find it easily enough. See you soon, I hope.
I... understand. I'm scared of the ghosts, too. Well, I should get going. Bye.
Oh... goodbye then.
Oh, hello again. Is there something you want?
Calm down. I'm not with the purveyor.
Who are you, and who is this purveyor?
I'll be there shortly.
Hmm. Maybe I'll reconsider.
I think I'll pass. Good luck.
No, nothing at all. Goodbye.
There's no need to get hostile.
I saw what happened earlier. I'd like to help you.
I just thought you might need some help.
Why are you working for the purveyor?
Tell me more about this artifact.
Why doesn't the purveyor get the artifact himself?
Perhaps I could get rid of the ghosts for you.
I can't allow you to do this on your own.
I never back down from a good fight.
You two sound like a pair of old crones talking about their neighbors. Everything you'd need to know about me is right over here.
I knew someone from the school would help. No one else could.
Rail Rock 2
I never put much faith in Minister Sheng, but I heard he found someone to clean out the pirate camp.
I have learned much, Li. Most of all, I have learned that I am tired of talking.
I know the pain in your heart. The loss of your family inspired this.
All to avenge a murdered wife and child you left to die.
The world is not as cruel as it seems. Your child lives.
Your child lives, Li. You cannot use that tragedy as an excuse any longer.
Zu was meant to kill her. He spared her. It's Dawn Star.
Why not? The death that spurred this was averted! The gods are not so harsh after all!
I knew it. The memory of your murdered child was just another tool to bring you to power.
Golem Press
Crane Operation
Columns
There are ghosts wandering the land. I won't leave my house after dark.
The Emperor doesn't care about us. That's why he sent someone like Sheng.
The dam's closed, but that just might make it easier for the pirates to do their raids!
This town needs the river to survive. If someone doesn't close the dam, we're doomed!
They don't actively try to sour everyone's day for their own gratification, either.
All save slots are filled
No pirates, the river's up again.... Now, if only someone could get rid of all these ghosts!
Who are you, some new acolyte? I've seen a lot of your kind. I watch over the slaves you deliver to the extractor. The inevitability of their deaths is amusing.
Haven't even earned your markings yet, I see. Master Gang must be getting weak to allow you such freedom already.
Yes, you are quite right. Normally this kind of thing would never happen at the Black Leopard School.
Indeed. Normally they would not be so ungracious to guests.
Fortunately, you seemed more than capable of handling the situation. In all my years, I've never seen anyone but a master with skill like yours.
Well, it's obvious that you can fight, and I assume you want to improve like all fighters do. Even someone of your skill could find a challenge or two here.
The school provides a safe place to practice against different opponents with different styles.
You will no doubt catch the eye of one of the masters. They know unique styles and would likely teach you... if you impress them.
If you want to hear about it so badly, I've got the real story. These babblers will just tell you they saw it all in the stars.
Perhaps you should ask the Black Whirlwind yourself?
Chai Ka: Is Soldier really so tough that you couldn't beat him fairly? We must have enough silver to get by.
Ya Zhen: The General is old and weak. It's only fitting that someone young and vigorous should take what's his.
General Kao is said to be highly skilled, but if you could take him, that would assure your position as Silver Division champion.
I've got friends out there, and I know all about Kao, so stop fretting. Qui's been informed that I will face you now.
I also know you let General Kao just walk off into his retirement. You'll pay for that. Qui knows I'll face you now, since we have nothing left to discuss.
So you've earned the right to talk to me. Lucky you.
Iron Soldier's the name, though everyone just calls me Soldier. You may as well do the same.
The only thing more lucrative is hawking steamed buns in the Scholars' Garden during the annual debates.
If the baker weights the buns right, even a scholar can fling them hard enough to end most any argument!
Don't let it go to your head.
You managed to win your last match, didn't you?
It was nice to see someone finally defeat Crimson Khana. Soldier's been chuckling about it ever since.
Do you have any idea how many people I have to keep fed in a day?
Step back. I only care if I get burned.
We're always out of tamarind!
*cod6*With lemon grass.*cod6* *cod6*Lemon grass on the side.*cod6* *cod6*Lemon grass removed once cooked.*cod6* Make up your damn minds.
If you want to order, talk to someone out front.
Get out of my kitchen!
As long as we stay busy, I stay employed. Can't beat that!
Careful around the fire. Don't want to get scorched, do you?
Hmm, out of that are we? Time to improvise!
I love the challenge of special orders.
People flood in here to watch the arena matches.
A dash of this, pinch of that. Hmm, I need a dollop of something....
Did he? Is Lucky Cho so desperate to see his bets assured, or does Kai Lan see me as a threat? Either way is a victory of sorts for me.
You have very little to gain by telling me this, so I believe you. It seems I have become more trouble than I am worth.
I'd rather not say how I know. Just accept that it's true.
If you don't believe me, you can take your chances for all I care.
Arena Elite Guard
Arena Guard
Head Chef
Chef
I think I've read a treatise of hers on the healing arts. It was one of the few we had in Two Rivers.
It was brilliant! It is an honor to meet you, ma'am.
It is no less an honor to meet a fellow seeker of knowledge. I hope what small truths you could glean from my humble work have aided you.
Such a beautiful voice, and combined with a quick mind. I'd hold on to her if I were you.
Baker Bei
Material Select
Things have never been easy in Tien's Landing.
Only a master of the Way of the Closed Fist may tap this gem's power.
This gem will only serve a master of the Way of the Open Palm.
You cannot change followers at this time
I've missed the city. For everything wrong with the Empire right now, this place reminds me of what we're trying to save.
All those nobles with fat purses and thin intellects. I swear, heaven must look like this.
I need you to answer some more general questions.
I want to know more about this forest.
Tell me about the Forest Shadow.
How is the Forest Shadow tied to your family?
Why would your family's connection with a fox spirit be a problem?
Do you have any idea why the Emperor feels that way?
What do you know about fox spirits in general?
Like you said, the state of this forest could be a test for you.
It seems I shouldn't trust this fox.
A few years ago there were rumors of conflict in the leadership of the Black Leopard school.
There's nothing like being embroiled in a bit of politics to get the blood moving.
That's all the questions I have.
I must go.
No, no. Of course not, dearie. I didn't mean to trouble you. There's nothing you could do anyway. Master Dutong owns the land; he has an Imperial Writ that says so.
Don't worry. I'll get the teahouse back for you!
I don't have time for your problems.
I'll be a hero. That'll show 'em. That'll show 'em all! I just need another drink to get my courage up. Wine! Someone bring me more wine!
He's a simple man, but a good man.
Give him a chance, Ai Ling!
[Intuition]Leaving town would give you a fresh start away from your gang.
Hello again. I ain't had much luck finding myself a wife yet... but I'll keep trying. Big Tian's old father didn't raise himself no quitter!
How can you fight so well when all you do is drink?
It's harder to drink your watered down swill than face those ghosts. Is everything in this damn forest missing the good parts?
Now, hey! That one's got all his parts, and they're even attached! Finally, a challenge!
Hold on, that one's got all her parts, and none of 'em are hanging out! About time I had a challenge!
Wait! No, that's not a....
Damn him.
Master Shin's enemies are probably very impressed with your actions. I can only speculate, of course.
Minister Sheng's not here. He went back to the Imperial City to make his report.
A school of fighting. Ha! What school can teach the lessons of a battlefield?
You couldn't see for yourself? I was just *cod6*retired*cod6* from the Imperial Arena.
I went down the mountain to scout them out. I figured I could get a good estimate of how many were coming and get back here. It didn't work out like I planned.
There are Lotus Assassins by the score, and golems, too. You didn't bury them all. They have a lot more. Imperial Army flyers in the distance, too. They'll be here soon.
Bad. Bad. Very bad. What are we going to do? They'll be across the main bridge in no time.
Yes, we must. The golems are not just the ones you saw before. Bigger ones. Giants. Siege golems.
Yes, but the bridge must be destroyed. These golems are big. Giants. Siege golems.
We won't have much choice about that if we don't deal with the bridge. The golems are huge. Giants. Siege golems.
Siege golems? Ooh, I've heard of those. Thirty feet tall and can throw an ox... well, pretty darned far. I didn't have time to measure. Oh, they crush walls, too.
It would be bad if they reached us. The casks I took off the Dragonfly would make short work of the bridge, though. A little fire and *whoosh,* earth meets sky.
You will need someone to keep any advance Lotus Assassins away from you. I will accompany you.
No. It's too dangerous for just one person. I'll go, as well.
Of course. Dawn Star, a chance to prove your worth to me. You too, Kang.
Y... yes, Princess.
The Emperor's will be done.
What? You would put her in charge of my safety?
Now, now, Lian, we have to hurry. It's an emergency, so follow my lead.
Yes, yes, yes, as fast as I can without dropping the casks. Earth meets sky, remember?
Fine. Never been better. Once the bleeding stops, I'll be good as new.
Thanks... but this wasn't a mistake. Well, not a large one, anyway.
Are you all right?
Were you fighting them? We don't have time for mistakes.
Then we need to destroy that bridge.
They could land anywhere with their flyers.
We'll meet them head on.
Princess, take Dawn Star and protect Kang.
All traitors will die.
Dawn Star, take the Princess and protect Kang.
You can't give that report to Fang.
Good job out there. The Gold Division's as tough as it gets, but you know what you have to do to win.
You're the Silver Division champion. You can't let them tackle you like that! Stay focused.
My title's yours because I know you have a will of iron. Get back out there and show them.
It's done! Get away before it explodes! The fuse is a short one!
Zhong does not belong to me, he works for me of his own free will.
This is the sanctum of the Lotus Assassins, the most feared group in the Empire, and I've asked you to simply walk in.
Well... yes, I suppose I am. You're the best chance of getting the information I need, and... and I'd hate to lose you in a place like this.
But not in these numbers... not in their own territory, on their own terms. I don't want to lose you in a place like this.
I want proof of Death's Hand's misdeeds, and it's important to me, but... not at just any cost. Not at the risk of losing you in such a place.
You... you're a good friend, I don't want to lose that. I've looked for that feeling for so long, and I seem to have found it in a very... unexpected place.
I... I know. And I regret the necessity of it, but there is no other way. My father will not listen without evidence.
We have to go in, find what we need to expose Death's Hand, and get out before we are discovered.
Once that is done, you can deal with Death's Hand as you wish. My father will see to it.
Come, let us go. And please: Be careful.
Well, I am sorry you feel that way. I merely wished to say that I... well, it doesn't really matter, does it?
Never mind. Just keep moving. As soon as we expose Death's Hand, I will free my father of his influence, and you will have your Master back.\n
I'm glad I caught up with you. I know you are very skilled, but this isn't a normal situation.
So... this is it. Into the lair of the beast. You are certain this is the right course? I mean, I know it is, but there's so much risk.
I know you have defeated some of these Lotus Assassins before, but this is different, and I just felt I should say something before it was too late.
I know you would... and there's nothing wrong with that, is there? Worry alone does not mean the worst will come to pass.
It just means I care, which is more than I feel I have been allowed to show in a long time.
You have shown me that, and I am grateful. Hopefully we will have time to discuss it further.
Yes, I'm sorry to delay you when so much is left to be done. Just don't take any foolish chances.
As soon as we get the information the Princess wants, we can get to the palace and rescue Master Li.
After that, perhaps we can go back to a simpler kind of life.
I just want to make sure you are ready for this fortress. We have faced a few of these Lotus Assassins, but not on their home ground.
You have shown me what true strength is, and that strength is all that really matters in situations like these. I know it will be enough.
And what I am capable of, as well. I won't allow myself to be the victim any longer. That's why I'm *telling* you to be safe.
Now get going. As soon as we have the information for the Princess, we can get to the palace and deal with Master Li's captors.
I look forward to making them answer for all that has happened.
I have no doubt, although you do scare me sometimes. I know you will win in the end. You have to. I won't *accept* anything else.
Then when is? After you throw yourself to the devils within? All to appease that spoiled brat of a princess?
I'm sorry I bothered you. I just wanted you to know I was worried. Never mind. It doesn't matter.
Just please hurry. As soon as you get the evidence Silk Fox wants against Death's Hand, we can get to the palace and rescue Master Li.
I guess that's all that really matters.
I'm sorry, but I couldn't sit with the others, knowing you were about to enter the lair of the beast.
We will have to be very careful from here. The Assassins in there will be some of the finest warriors in the Empire.
Regarding our little... talk earlier, I couldn't let you go into that place without saying something.
Lion Fiend Ogre
I couldn't just wait with the others. I'd have worn a trench with my pacing if I didn't talk to you.
Your death will be painful.
We cannot be defeated.
What is troubling you? You know I will always make time to hear you.
It would seem there is something very personal at stake here.
Do not let her rattle you, Dawn Star. Your support means a great deal to me.
I am touched, Princess. It means a great deal to have you on my side.
You have both touched me deeply. I appreciate both of you being here.
[Intuition] The feelings of all my allies are of great importance to me.
[Charm] I cannot abandon either of you, so deep is my concern.
I enjoy your death!
Out of Focus
So at the gate of the fortress, you both distract me with something as trivial as this?
Forgive me, Dawn Star. It means a great deal that you are with me.
These strings are carefully woven and made of the finest silk. They look as if they were made for a musical instrument.
Zither Case
I am sorry, Princess. It means a great deal that you are here.
I find the devotion of both of you to be very inspiring.
I don't care. I want you both to shut up so I can do what needs to be done.
This box is obviously the main case for a type of musical instrument called a zither. Designed to be played across a lap or at a table, a zither normally has strings stretched atop the soundboard and a bridge to hold the strings off the case, but both are missing.
Zither Bridge
Health +5*cod2*Focus +5*cod2**cod2*You have freed Ya Zhen from his imprisonment, and now the power of that demon is yours. He not only aids you physically, but his power insinuates itself into your being, as well, bringing out an aspect of him within you.*cod2**cod2*
[This sturdy gate bears a clay seal. A message is carved across the surface in Master Li's handwriting.]
Enough! What is the point of this!
I don't have time for this. We are at the enemy's lair!
Are you worried about me?
I've defeated Lotus Assassins before.
This is what you wanted, isn't it?
You would take the same risk for what is at stake.
Death's Hand must be dealt with.
This is the only way to reach my Master. You made that condition.
This is not the time for chat, Silk Fox!
I appreciate your concern. I would worry for you, too.
Caring is not a weakness. That is our greatest strength.
Now, focus that into something useful, and we can move forward.
So many spirits seem lost, as if the way to their rest is blocked. I didn't think they were dangerous, but those on the beach.... I sensed madness. Time drove them mad.
Have I taught you nothing? I'd prefer it if you acted stronger.
I think you are beginning to understand what I am capable of.
You disrupted them by defeating them in combat. They will not reform for a long time. I hope there is peace in that, but I don't know. So much is worrying me.
Doubting me would be a mistake. You will see. Everyone will see.
This isn't a good time for a chat, Dawn Star.
It turns out Ai Ling wasn't interested in the farmer, Big Tian, but she hasn't given up, and if you find her a husband, she has promised to pay you a suitable finder's fee.
Fail 2
Your discussion with Master Li about your people, the mysterious Spirit Monks, was interrupted with news that Dawn Star has disappeared.\n
The Search for Dawn Star
Merchant Cheung has asked for your help in retrieving a clay figurine from a sailor named Tong. Tong can usually be found down in the pier district in the southeast section of town.
The Stolen Memento
Temp: Press A to fire. Press X to bomb
Press *cod7*FastAttack*cod8* to fire your primary weapon.
Press *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8* to activate your Upgrade
This is a health powerup - fly into it.
Talk to Tong
Speak to Tong about getting Cheung's figurine back.
Persuade Tong
Persuade Tong to give back the figurine.
Attack Tong
Defeat Tong to get back the figurine.
Talk to Cheung
Return the clay figurine to Cheung in the town square to collect your reward.
You were able to convince Tong to return the figurine without resorting to violence. Return it to Cheung to collect your reward.
Cheung was quite pleased to have his mother's figurine returned.
Surprisingly, Ai Ling was able to look past Yaoru's arrogance and see something worthwhile. The two of them should have an interesting union.
The simple purity of Big Tian's heart won Ai Ling over, convincing her to leave Tian's Landing and her gang behind.
Chumin's gentle spirit and craftsman's soul won Ai Ling over. With her running his finances and collecting from his customers, prosperous times are no doubt ahead for the happy couple.
Tong wouldn't listen to reason, but he couldn't argue with a good pummeling. In the end, might prevailed, and he gave you the figurine. Return it to Cheung to collect your reward.
Find Baker Bei
Baker Bei is on Beggar's Pier in Tien's Landing.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. Bei revealed that the thugs work for Ai Ling, a local gang leader who has an interest in Bei. He hopes Ai Ling can be dissuaded from her interest in him.
Find Ai Ling
Ai Ling hangs out in an empty boathouse near the river.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. Bei revealed that the thugs work for Ai Ling, a local gang leader who has an interest in him. Ai Ling claims that Bei promised to marry her first, and that she means to hold him to this promise.
Confront Bei with Ai Ling
Get Ai Ling to come with you and confront Baker Bei so that everything can be straightened out at once.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. Bei revealed that the thugs work for Ai Ling, a local gang leader who has an interest in him. Ai Ling claims that Bei promised to marry her first, and that she means to hold him to this promise. You got to the bottom of it and forced Ai Ling to admit she was being unreasonable.
Tell Lan about Ai Ling
Find Lan in the Teahouse and tell her that her fiancé promised himself to another.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. The thugs were led by Ai Ling, a woman who claimed that Bei had promised to marry her first. With only Ai Ling's word as proof, you accused Bei of dishonesty, causing a devastated Lan to give you a small reward and break off her marriage.
Provoke Ai Ling
Ai Ling is a hothead, and could likely be provoked into a fight. If she dies, it would solve Seamstress Lan's problem and Baker Bei's problem.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. The thugs were led by Ai Ling, a woman who claimed that Bei had promised to marry her first. You provoked Ai Ling into a fight and killed her, so that Bei and Lan's problems have gone away.
Talk to Lan
Find Lan in the Teahouse of Tien's Landing.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. The thugs were led by Ai Ling, a woman who claimed that Bei had promised to marry her first. You provoked Ai Ling into a fight and killed her, so that Bei and Lan's problems have gone away. Lan gave you a small reward.
Hidden Evil Choice
Hidden evil choice
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan asked you to save her fiancé, Baker Bei, who is assaulted by thugs every day. The thugs were led by Ai Ling, a woman who claimed that Bei had promised to marry her first. You set up a fight between Ai Ling and Lan. Now Lan and Bei are dead and Ai Ling is alone.
Talk to Seamstress Lan
Talk to Seamstress Lan in the Teahouse at Tien's Landing.
In the Teahouse at Tien's Landing, Seamstress Lan has a problem, and she hopes you can help her.
You and Khana didn't get along all that well, so I think it bruised her pride that she lost.
Right after the fight she stormed in here, grabbed her stuff and left. For good, I think.
They'd have to bring a hell of a lot of men.
Ha! Fooled him! I'm not humble at all.
Here they come! Hold them off! I only need a minute!
Kids say all kinds of things, Ai Ling! Remember when you took my frog and I called you a bully? You swore you'd never speak to me again.
But that same day, you gave me the frog back. You said you'd never, ever, ever do anything to make me unhappy. Kids always say things like that. It doesn't mean anything!
Well, yes... I did say that. But that was when we were still friends. Now he pretends like he doesn't even know me. He's changed!
Yes, but... well... you're right. I know you're right. Bei's right, we were just kids. I guess... I guess I can't hold him to his promise. You win, Lan. Bei is yours.
I'm glad everything worked out for you two. And I'm... I'm sorry, Bei. I don't know what came over me. When I heard you and Lan were getting married I just snapped.\n
Try not to break a nail, Princess.
Try not to fight like a farmer, Dawn Star.
Thank you so much! Now Bei and I can finally be happy. Here is the money I promised you, my dowry. Take it, with my deepest and most humble gratitude.
This is important! You can't let them get by!
After all you've done for us, now you are letting Lan keep her dowry as well? Your generosity knows no bounds. I'm... I'm overwhelmed!
You've done so much for us, and we've given you so little... wait, I know! We will name our first child after you, to honor your memory.
You're the one who should worry about failing, Princess!
Nuts and bolts! One of the fuses came loose! I need another minute! Or two.
Hurry it up, Kang.
You doddering fool! Get it done!
You have a narrow understanding of success in battle, bun-man. Must be your small head.
You assume a great deal, Dawn Star, but it is not my choice. Gather your toys, Kang.
Why did you take it?
Absolutely not! This is ridiculous! I'm a good man, and I try to do my best by everybody, but I'm not going to let some stray remark I made when I was six destroy my life!
Marrying me would destroy your life? Destroy your life? How dare you, you filthy maggot! Let's see how good your life is without your precious little seamstress!
Yeah, that's a great idea! Come on, Lan... let's go!
What? That's... that's crazy!
No! You don't win someone's love by hurting someone else. Come on, Bei. Let's get out of here.
Oh no you don't!
No! What... what have you done? By the Emperor, you've killed her!
Now we can be happy, Bei. Just the two of us!
You monster!
I couldn't take the chance that someone else in the group had been approached. They might tell Death's Hand the plan was discovered!
Bei? Bei? No! I'm... I'm sorry, Bei. I never meant to hurt you! Not you!
I... let them think I agreed, but hear me out! I couldn't risk that someone else in the group was also tempted. They might tell Death's Hand the plan was discovered!
You... this is all your fault! You had to stick your nose in and wreck everything! Now Bei's dead, and you're going to pay!
Ai Ling claims Bei promised to marry her.
Bei can't marry you. He already proposed to Ai Ling!
Sorry, Bei, but she's right. A promise is a promise.
Wait. Ai Ling, you said you'd never make Bei unhappy.
You changed, too.
Keep your dowry, Lan. I was just happy to help.
Bei, you made a promise, now keep it.
You better defend yourself, Lan.
Lan and Ai Ling should fight. The winner gets Bei.
Let's find out. Fight!
Find the Water Dragon
I don't have many secrets 'cause I've got nothing to hide. But there is one thing I haven't told you. I fought in the arena. Ha! I did more than fight... I won.
Didn't even need a fancy name. The Black Whirlwind was perfect, they said. Nothing quite like getting paid to fight.
Land of the Howling Spirits
You can come... but I'll be watching you!
I will wait at your flyer, or I could travel with you. Before you get too lost, perhaps we should... discuss how closely we will be working together.
I have your interest now? It has been a while since you have shown it. Should someone of my stature put up with indifference?
Why should I tolerate it, hmm? Remind me.
[Success] Well, you clearly know how to apply your considerable charms. Very well, I will accept your reasoning for now.
Now then, shall we continue, or must you run off again?
[Failure] You lack the skill to adequately explain yourself. I am not without other sources of amusement. I do not need to make concessions for you.
I will restrict further talks with you to the task at hand. I wouldn't want to distract you from your duty.
[Success] So your inattentiveness is actually a means of meeting my needs. My, you are a clever one. Very well, I will accept that for the moment.
[Success] True, you are the only one worthy of my attention in this sorry lot you carry with you. I will let your behavior go for the moment.
Is that so? Well, I shall be sure to not waste your time in the future. Shouldn't you be getting back to work?
What? I have your attention now? It has been so long that I forgot the feeling. Honestly, why should I entertain your interest?
[Success] Your words carry such sweetness, even though I know they must be well practiced. Still, they will suffice for the moment.
[Failure] Such a blatant attempt to gloss over your obvious disinterest. The unattainable is only intriguing for so long.
Interesting that you now have the time. On several occasions, I have asked for your ear and been disappointed.
Well, now I think I will decline your interest. If I wished to be ignored, I could have stayed by my father's side.
[Charm] It was not intentional, I assure you. I was devoting time to the things you want done.
Of course. I am very interested in what you have to say.
Actually, I don't have an interest in talking with you.
[Intuition] The fact that I am not always at your feet is what you find interesting.
[Intimidation] Careful, Princess, you will scare me off. Who would you spar with then?
I am not interested in proving myself to you.
[Charm] Absence is ambrosia to the heart.
Is there something *you* are wondering?
You did it! You killed Gao the Greater--or Gao the Corpse, as I'm going to call him now. Let this be a lesson to anyone else who wants to take over my operations!
Pirate Cheung is back in business! No more airships, no more Lotus Assassins. Just like the good old days!
What? Oh, right. I guess I just got caught up in the moment. You can't blame an old pirate for wanting to relive his glory days... even if they are gone forever.
I'd join up with you, but my bones are old and tired. I can't go to any of the nearby villages. People might remember who I am... er, who I was. Pirates aren't popular around here.
I'd like to stay here on the island. There are plenty of supplies, not to mention fish and fresh water. Now that Gao's gone, I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather be.
Funny. I always thought I'd end my days dangling from the end of a rope or stabbed in the back by another pirate.
I guess this is about as good an ending as Pirate Cheung could ever hope for. At least I got to see Gao get what he deserved!
Too much work. I'd have to find a ship, a crew, whip them into shape.... I just don't have it in me anymore.\n
I didn't kill Gao so you could start pillaging again!
Do you want to join up with me?
What are you going to do now?
You seem harmless. You can stay.
If you even think about starting up the pirates again....
Better than having your withered hide tagging along with me.
Go on, old man. Get out of here.
Back in business? But all your pirates are dead.
You're too old and pathetic to be a pirate anymore.
And then I remember that you left me once already, and the anger I felt.... I do not like the thought of being left alone.
I would, and I would not be forgiving. You will survive this coming battle, because I won't let you put me through losing you again.
That is the understanding we must have. I have given myself to you, but if you leave again, I will make those responsible pay dearly. You included.
I... no longer know who I am without you.
A foolish reply. We are not immortal, despite the company you seem to keep. Things happen as they must.
All we can do is find comfort in those around us, those who are special.
There are places I cannot go that you seem to walk with impunity. I won't be left behind again. I won't allow it.
Oh, I certainly would, but not before a great deal of pain. You have shown me how to move on, but not how to forget. Or forgive.
And I would accept your vengeance, for only a fool would abandon you.
Good girl. That is how you deal with people who take things from you.
I've heard pirates are raiding the outlying villages. I wonder if they'll attack Tien's Landing.
Now that the dam is closed, maybe this town can get back on its feet.
What have you done? The machine is going crazy! You've corrupted it!
This place is too crowded with all these sailors here.
Fine. Just hand it over.
You're better off without him.
Ah, I see where the girl gets her spirit from. It might be easier to train her if I break the mother first. Sell them both to me, and I'll give you double.
This is an outrage! Do you know how far I traveled to make this deal? Maybe I should call the guards. They'll put an end to this foolishness.
She's young; she just hasn't learned her place yet. If I'm going to have to train these slaves myself, I should get a discount.
Don't speak to her like that!
The girl is not for sale.
Are you strong enough to fight for your freedom, Fuyao?
Freedom is worth fighting for. Remember this.
He was weak. The weak deserve death.
You are a murderer now.
Fuyao's a fighter. She's strong. You should be proud.
She has a taste for blood now. I'd sleep with one eye open, mother.
Fine. Fuyao, you can go free.
Gao is not selling these slaves now. I am.
At least they'll be together. It's a deal.
I've changed my mind. The slaves are not for sale.
I guess the slave breaker didn't finish with this one.
All damage in this style is increased by 75%.
All damage in this style is increased by 100%.
All damage in this style is increased by 125%.
You can now perform Advanced Chi Strikes in this style. These consume more Chi but do more damage. Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to enter Chi Strike mode.
You can now perform Enhanced Chi Strikes in this style. These consume more Chi but do more damage. Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to enter Chi Strike mode.
You can now perform Marvelous Chi Strikes in this style. These consume more Chi but do more damage. Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to enter Chi Strike mode.
You can now perform Deadly Chi Strikes in this style. These consume more Chi but do more damage. Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to enter Chi Strike mode.
You can now perform Ultimate Chi Strikes in this style. These consume more Chi but do more damage. Press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key to enter Chi Strike mode.
Speak with Soldier
Soldier waits for you in the creature pens, accessible via the stairs down from the back room where Qui and the other fighters are.
Help Soldier
Because of how you dealt with Khana, Soldier has offered to throw your match for the Silver Division title. You agreed to eliminate General Kao in return for Soldier's cooperation.
Refuse to Help Soldier
Based on the way you dealt with Khana, Iron Soldier offered you the chance to assassinate a General in return for a sure win in the Silver Division. You declined his offer.
Challenge General Kao
General Kao is said to be near the gate out of the Imperial City in the Market District. Find him and challenge him to a duel to the death.
Kill Kao
General Kao has fallen to you in an honorable duel, and you completed your half of your bargain with Soldier for his Silver Division title.\n
Refuse
You refused to face General Kao in a duel to the death, and the man has left the Imperial City. Your deal with Iron Soldier is off.
Inform Soldier
All that is left is to confirm that Soldier has heard about General Kao.
Iron Soldier has agreed to throw his match for the Silver Division and cut you in for a share of the earnings from his wager.
Healing rate increased to 16 health per second.
Healing rate increased to 20 health per second.
Healing rate increased to 24 Health per second.
Basic attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* key) speed increased by 5%.
Basic attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* key) speed increased by 10%.
Basic attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* key) speed increased by 15%.
Basic attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* key) speed increased by 20%.
Basic attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* key) speed increased by 25%.
The Chi cost of using this style is decreased by 10%.
The Chi cost of using this style is decreased by 20%.
The Chi cost of using this style is decreased by 30%.
The Chi cost of using this style is decreased by 40%.
The Chi cost of using this style is decreased by 50%.
Projectile range is increased 20%.
Projectile range is increased 40%.
Projectile range is increased 60%.
Projectile range is increased 80%.
Projectile range is increased 100%.
Speak to Lucky Cho
Lucky Cho waits to speak with you in the arena's back room .
Poison Khana
The deal is sealed, and Sweet Poison Lyn will ensure that Khana is poisoned before your match for the Bronze Division championship.
Refuse Cho
Lucky Cho offered you a sure win against Crimson Khana, but you have declined the chance to poison her. Your match will be a true test of skill.
Face Crimson Khana
All that remains is for you to face Khana in the ring. Speak with Qui when you are ready.
Khana succumbed to the poison while you were in the ring with her. As a result, she died painfully in front of the crowd, and you are the new Bronze Division champion.
Your business with Lucky Cho concluded, Qui should be willing to start your next fight.
After refusing Lucky Cho's offer to poison Crimson Khana, you have faced her fairly and still emerged the victor.\n
Warn Crimson Khana
Khana might want to hear about the Guild's plot to poison her. You can find her in the fight office.
You warned Crimson Khana about the plans to poison her. She offered to teach you more sword techniques by way of thanks, if you can beat her in combat\n
Khana awaits your match. Speak to Qui when you are ready.
You have defeated Khana fairly, and she is on her guard against future Guild plots to eliminate her.
Each spell cast in this style consumes 5% less Chi than normal.
Each spell cast in this style consumes 10% less Chi than normal.
Each spell cast in this style consumes 15% less Chi than normal.
Each spell cast in this style consumes 20% less Chi than normal.
Each spell cast in this style consumes 25% less Chi than normal.
Excellent. I must speak with the masters on your behalf... they are the final judge of such matters. Wait here.
Good news. Master Radiant agreed to let you join, a rare honor indeed. In fact, he would like to meet with you... once you have proven yourself.
First however, Master Radiant wants to ensure that your fight against the novices was not just luck. You must now defeat each of the brothers here at the school.
Good. A positive attitude will win you many fights before you even begin.
Me? Is this some ploy to get an extra serving of fish in your soup tonight? It won't work, you know. But... since you asked.
I am the headmistress here at the school. I organize everything that these witless fighters forget to do. Paperwork, laundry, cooking... you name it.
It's a thankless job. Never so much as a smile or wave as I labor over my work. If it wasn't for me, this place would fall apart.
Good. I have work to do.
You're the student, you tell me. What is there to tell? The boys come and learn to fight, and they think that's all there is to the world.
Learning and fighting... they are very good at both, but put any one of them in a room with a lady and they'd just wither away.
What's the point in teaching a man to learn and fight if he can't even relate to the people he's supposed to protect?
I'm surprised they even let you join. Never seen a girl in here except to help with the cooking or the cleaning. I hope you knock some sense into those boys.
Masters! Ha! I'm the only master of this school. Those other two hide in their rooms all day long doing who knows what.
How can you be a master of anything when you never participate? It's unnatural. Of course, it wasn't always that way, or at least, that's what I've heard.
There was only one master once. Makes sense to me. Too many cooks in the kitchen, as I always say.
I must be going, goodbye.
I only sought to spare you the misfortune and suffering that falls upon all who visit Tien's Landing.\n
Some sort of disease affects this place, but it can't be natural. It's as if the trees have deliberately grown together to snarl the paths.
Dead already. Damn it all.
Available:
You have claimed the long sword and may use the Long Sword style. Use your Fight Style keys to switch between your styles.
In three years of traveling, I never found a place more lively than the Heart of the Empire. It's nice to be back.
I always wanted to see the back rooms of this place. Frankly, I expected them to be seedier.
I find the scholars endlessly amusing. Talk to a few and you'll understand what I mean.
We will start securing the Temple. The great gates of this place will grant us some valuable time. At least they will not take us by surprise.
You will fall!
Sparring Arena
Sparring Ring
Secret passage to the cave
But we shouldn't talk about this so much. Who knows how much will draw their attention? We should keep going.
These trees are sick... they bend like they're in pain.
It might not be wise to run to the officials with this, but surely we should warn Crimson Khana.
From what I've gathered, the bribes flowing from this place would make telling the officials useless, but what if we told Khana herself?
If you're set on this course, consider telling the sword mistress what you have done. That way, at least someone will appreciate you refusing such a ripe opportunity.
This Khana woman would appreciate knowing what you have learned.
Never much believed in poisons myself. There's simpler ways to kill a man, or woman for that matter.
We should warn the sword mistress. They're trying very hard to kill her.
You're right. As useful as it was to help Master Li learn about the restlessness of the dead, thanks to my *cod6*gift,*cod6* I see enough disturbing things as it is.
We don't have time to talk. The bandits are more important right now.
Killing the horse demon caused its spirit to imprint on yours. You now have the ability to channel your chi and take the form of your fallen enemy.\n
What man could remain constant under the scrutiny of such beauties? Still, you will find me a true companion.
Tien's Landing suffers! You are the only hope. If you don't close the dam, the town will die... and my political career along with it!
Certainly! Let us discourse on a variety of topics! It isn't as if Minister Sheng has anything better to do. What shall we talk about?
Please, let us discuss some other topic. Recollecting the grandeur of the Imperial City in these mean and meager surroundings is too cruel a tragedy to bear.
Fine. What did you want to tell me?
Equip
All
Third Brother Renshan
Second Brother Yongwu
Novice Han Tao
Novice Feng
Whispering Willow
Fifth Brother Shangjin
Sixth Brother Gaoshan
You're lucky to be alive. Gao murdered a student on his way to you.
This is no Assassin, fool. A Lotus Acolyte has no authority to do anything for you. One of the masters could select you as servants, but they have... subtle tastes.
Combatant 2
Are you ready to go back to Tien's Landing now? I know a nice safe landing place just outside of town. Very unlikely we'll crash. Very unlikely.
What if I offered you the normal bounty plus half? Would that change anything?
To Town
Flyer
A new warrior does battle...with the beast!
Nothing that brutal or clumsy, but we'll shut him down all the same. This location is the only reason he can scratch out a living with his inflexible morals.
We will shut him down. This location is the only reason he can scratch out a living with his inflexible morals.
It seems the Guild owes you a debt. Consider all of my wares discounted by ten percent.
Then we have nothing more to discuss regarding the good gambler, do we? Let us return to business.
Of course, silly, they're inside people! The Guardian can hear them, though, and so can I.
This place is old... so old. There are voices in the stones... each one trying to command the others, but none of them listen.
It's like they can't listen. They just... can't. Their own voices is all they're left with. So long, only hearing the sound of your own voice....
I don't know... they never say. They just shout.
Chai Ka: The dead have gathered here as in other places of the Empire. The attack on Dirge left them without guidance; they are attracted to any beacon of power.
Chai Ka: Here they are overwhelmed by the power the Emperor stole. Only whispers of their spirits remain, but Wild Flower is sensitive to such things.
Chai Ka: No, there's nothing that can be done, except for restoring the shepherd that would guide them to rebirth.
Chai Ka: It doesn't. There's nothing to be done except restore the shepherd that would guide them to rebirth.
Chai Ka: Those that are already dead cannot be helped... we must concentrate on the living.
You may ask a few questions, but be quick. We should not remain here long with these bodies just lying around.
Ah... that is one question I will not answer. I will tell you this though, with Gao the Greater out of the way, new leaders are coming to the fore. I'm one of them.
Why? No reason really. He was available and he had been seen in the poor areas, speaking with the poor people.
It's nothing personal if that's what you're wondering. He just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
It's quite simple really. They abduct people, usually those who won't be missed, and then they sell them. It pays very well.
Most of the slaves find their way to the Wall or into the hands of the Lotus Assassins.\n
Don't worry. I don't mind you knowing our secrets. You'll either leave here, bought and paid for, or you won't leave at all.
Chandler Ling is a respected merchant, just as he would tell you himself. Of course, he's also a facilitator for the guild.
Chandler Ling is very good at arranging things, and has a special gift for the seamless and virtually undetectable trade of... sensitive cargo.
He's not a bad man, really. He's just a very good businessman who knows a deal when he sees one. He is very well paid for what he does.
Good to see you're as reasonable as you are skilled at fighting. As to Songtao, I've already taken care of it.
I have documents that confirm the existence of the slave traders and our actions. I've made sure that Songtao's signature appears regularly throughout.
Of course the information is accurate, if somewhat out-of-date. With these documents, the prefect will have no choice but to convict the scholar... and free Ling.
Go now. Give the prefect these documents. I'll clean up here. Ling will see to your payment. Go... and remember, do not tell anyone what you know.
Go now; do not linger here any longer. I will deal with this mess.
Did you see Gao when he went by? There was fire in his eyes!
*cod7*FullName*cod8*. I'm here to clear the name of Scholar Songtao.
I'm interested in your little business arrangement.
I'm the one who will slaughter every one of you slavers.
Never! This ends now.
Go on. I'm listening.
You couldn't afford me!
No! I won't betray Scholar Songtao. He's innocent.
This ends now!
I want to ask you some questions before I decide.
Tell me who you are.
This has gone too far. It must end now!
Why is Scholar Songtao being implicated?
What are the slave traders doing exactly?
Who is Chandler Ling, really?
All right. But how do I implicate Songtao?
Give me the documents and I'll get Ling freed.
I don't know why you're wasting your time. I'm obviously innocent, and yet you still want to risk yourself needlessly.
I'm no fool. Those men haven't returned, and I can assure you it isn't because they've decided to take a holiday.
Chasing after criminals is dangerous work; obviously there are risks involved.
Why would you risk yourself when even the local minister seems to be content with the scholar's arrest?
Of course, do what you need to. If you discover anything, it will only prove my innocence further. Good luck.
What's to tell? I'm a merchant, and quite a good one. My clients are usually very happy with my goods.
You likely haven't heard of me simply because I have a very elite clientele. The average person on the street cannot afford the items I sell.
Other than my occupation, I suspect we are very much the same, you and I. Though I happen to be a little more... restricted than you at the moment.
Doing? I wasn't doing anything more than I usually do in a day's work. I was selling my wares to a few of my preferred clients. Prefect Jitong was one of them.
The next thing I know, guards confiscate my goods and tell me I'm suspected of slave trading. It was likely the most ludicrous thing I've ever been told.
Of course the prefect claims that some of my items belonged to his missing men, but that doesn't mean I took the items from their lifeless bodies.
In a given day, I meet with several buyers, and probably twice as many sellers. There are always more sellers than buyers.
My job is to determine whether something is worth buying, not whether the seller is worth buying from. If I see a bargain, I don't care who the seller is.
Suffice to say, those items could be from any number of sellers. I don't recall who sold them to me, but that certainly doesn't make me guilty of slave trading.
I can honestly say I had never met or heard of the man until he was arrested. He's obviously not wealthy enough to be one of my clients.
Apparently, he spends a good deal of time with the poorer folk in the city. No doubt that's why he is under suspicion.
Doesn't strike you as a bit odd? A scholar, with all the benefits that position entails, *choosing* to spend time with the poor people. It does seem a little... suspicious.
No more than you've heard for yourself, I'm sure. They are a myth, a rumor really. Nobody has ever seen them and nobody has any proof they exist.
And yet, still there is a belief that they exist... madmen terrorizing the poor and abducting the helpless. It all seems very... superstitious.
Abducting a person isn't like picking someone's pocket, you know. There would be evidence, signs of a struggle. But people will believe what they want to.
Ah, you've returned and, I'm sorry to say, I'm still here. Is there something I can do for you?
Why are you so sure I'll be at risk?
Tell me about yourself, Chandler Ling.
Why were you arrested? What were you doing?
How did you acquire those items belonging to Jitong's men?
What do you know about Scholar Songtao?
What can you tell me about the slave traders?
No, thanks. I should be going. Goodbye.
Good day, miss. Are... you the new investigator I sent for?
Good day, sir. Are... you the new investigator I sent for?
No, I cannot. Master Smiling Hawk told us you are no longer a member of the school, and that we are forbidden from sparring with you.
No, I can tell from your attire that you're not from the ministry. (sigh) This is terrible.
Everyone I send for disappears. There are powers at work here that are beyond my means to control.
Please, please just hear my cause. I promise I will not detain you long.
I am Prefect Jitong. It's my duty to ensure that convicted criminals in the city are sentenced appropriately. But there are... complications with my current trial.
I have in my custody a suspected slave trader, Chandler Ling, but one of the high ranking ministers is trying to get him released, and he wants me to convict another man.
The man they want to accuse, Scholar Songtao, is a friend of mine... and I'm certain of his innocence. I need you to find proof so I can present it to the Minister of Justice.
Really? You will help me? Thank you... thank you so very much. I need to find proof that Ling is the guilty one, and by so doing, exonerate Songtao.
So... you'll help me? That's... wonderful. All I need really, is proof. Proof that Ling is indeed involved with the slave traders.
If I can't prove Ling's guilt, I'll be forced to sentence Songtao... to death. But every time I ask someone to discover the truth, they disappear, or turn up dead.
Our best lead is Zi Bao, the last person known to have spoken with Ling before his arrest. But Bao knows me and my men; he won't talk to us.
I've know Scholar Songtao for several years. His uncle and my father were good friends. I only wish I knew why the governor wants him accused of this crime.
Winnings Purse
If you want to know more about Songtao, you should speak with him yourself.
Chandler Ling is a well-respected business man and merchant here in the city. Until recently, I had no reason to suspect him of any wrongdoing.
When I investigated Ling's shop, I found a valuable knife that I had purposely entrusted to one of my men. A man who has since disappeared.
Chandler Ling had a knife belonging to a man whose body couldn't be found. That was all the evidence I required.
Chai Ka: The road will be divided. There is a powerful presence stirring, and her will must be obeyed.
Chai Ka: There will be no interference, but there will be guidance. There is... something you must see.
Perhaps she means the tombs near the heart of the palace?
I have no idea. The two men were seen together before we arrested Ling. But I have no other information about Zi Bao.
He spends most of his time in the Heart of the Empire Tavern, and he doesn't seem to have dealings with anyone else besides Chandler Ling.
I know if I went to speak with him I would get nowhere, but you could speak to him without raising suspicion.
I wish there was something concrete I could tell you. They're like a whisper on the wind, or a shifting shadow. You think you see something, and then there's nothing.
This small satchel is marked to make it identifiable as one of Gambler Daoshen's winnings purses. It contains the silver he plans to offer to the Guild in return for permission to increase the limits on his wagers.
Whoever is behind the slavers must have a great deal of power. To remain that... invisible is a hard thing to do.
Good... look for him in the Heart of the Empire Tavern, it's upstairs at the Imperial Arena. Don't scare him away... if we lose him, we lose our last connection to Ling.
I see... well, there really isn't anyone else. If you change your mind, please come and see me.
Oh, it's you again. Have you reconsidered helping me prove Songtao's innocence?
Hello again. I don't mean to sound impatient, but have you spoken with Zi Bao yet?
If you think it will help you find out what's going on, I'll gladly answer your questions. What do you want to know?
All right. Remember, Zi Bao is in the Heart of the Empire Tavern in the Imperial Arena. I suggest you try and speak with him if you can. Good luck.
There you are. The governor sent Ho Chong, one of his lapdogs, to oversee the trial. I hope you learned something, or I'll have to proceed with Songtao's sentencing.
He... took you there. That's incredible... that's remarkable. Well, what did you find? Have you discovered evidence that exonerates Scholar Songtao?
Ha! That doesn't prove a thing. Pieces of paper can be bought and sold just like anything... just like *anyone.*
I'm afraid you're quite mistaken, Chandler Ling. This proves a great many things, including your guilt. I never suspected the slavers were so well... connected.
Let me see that. Hmm. Well, this certainly looks... interesting. I... ah, suppose Scholar Songtao can go free then.
And you, Chandler Ling, will come with me for sentencing. It will be quick and harsh, I suspect. This sort of thing will not be tolerated in the Empire.
Thank you... thank you for risking yourself to help me. If there is anything I can do to repay you, please ask.
You are too kind. I have no real way to repay you; however, I do have some items you might be interested in.
Good day again. You've done a great deal to aid me. If there's anything I can do for you, just let me know. I've got some interesting items, if you'd like to see them.
I... don't really have that much in the way of silver. I give most of it to the poor. I do, however, have several items you may find interesting.
It's a lie! I have never worked with the slave traders. I don't even know who the slave traders are. Please... Jitong, you must believe me.
If I weren't looking at it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it. I'm sorry, Songtao, but with this evidence... there is nothing I can do to help you.
Are you absolutely sure this evidence is valid? Are you sure that Songtao is guilty?
So Chandler Ling is free to go. The governor will be pleased to hear it.
Songtao, you will come with me. Your sentencing will be quick and harsh. This sort of thing cannot be tolerated in the Empire.
I am truly sorry, Songtao. I will go to the governor and throw myself at his mercy, though I'm afraid it will do little good now.
Well, you have certainly done me a great service, though I suspect Cao Zeng had something to do with it as well.
Hello there, and thanks again for all your help. Scholar Songtao and I owe you a great debt of gratitude.
I'll do it; I can't stand to see an innocent man accused.
All right... where should I start?
I want to know more about Scholar Songtao.
Tell me about Chandler Ling.
Whatever we are doing, we have to do it now!
This is going to be a mess, I know it is.
What is Zi Bao's connection to Chandler Ling?
It's about time!
Tell me about the slave traders.
I'll go find Zi Bao then.
Find someone else to solve your problem!
Actually, I don't think I want to help.
Yes, I have. I'll help you if I can.
Remind me again what the problem is.
No. I must be going.
No, I haven't spoken with him yet.
I spoke with Zi Bao and he took me to the slavers.
Yes, I have; it's right here. Take a look for yourself.
I'm just glad an innocent man didn't suffer.
Of course. Good fortune to you.
You could pay me for my effort.
Actually, the evidence proves his guilt. See for yourself.
I just found the evidence; it's up to you to judge.
So, you think you can free me? Prefect Jitong has sent many good men to their deaths trying to free me. I hope you won't get into similar trouble.
Well, that's what Jitong fears. I have no reason to doubt him. Besides, why else would the men not return, and their belongings suddenly appear on the market?
Pure coincidence. It's not proof; it's purely circumstantial. Anyone will tell you that.
At any rate, it seems likely that's what has happened to the men. I feel terrible for them, but I have my own problems to deal with... as you can see.
I understand. If there is anything that might help you find the slave traders, I will gladly tell you. Please don't give up until you've found them.
I... am a scholar, though still a junior scholar by most regards. I assist the philosophers and scholars with their work.
It's a good life, though I can't help feeling... guilty, sometimes. The scholars and philosophers have many privileges, while so many live with so little.
I spend my spare time in the poor quarters, helping where I can. If I have any extra money, I use it to help the people there. It's not much, but I like to think it helps.
I don't know. I was just down in the poor quarters, helping a family with some repairs on their hut. I was leaving their house when the guards came for me.
They told me I was suspected of abducting people from the poor quarters. I told them it was ridiculous, that I only wanted to help the poor, but they didn't listen.
I admit I spend time in the poor quarters, but I don't try to hide it. I'm there several times a week in fact, usually in plain sight of everyone.
Well... nothing really. I'd never heard of him before this. I've heard what Jitong said about him, but that's about it. He seems... decent enough, I suppose.
Nothing! I've heard rumors in the past few months. The residents in the poor areas were getting worried, though I never knew anyone who disappeared.
One of the girls I helped out in the poor area said her uncle had disappeared, but I never met him. She was devastated of course, and she blamed the slavers.
But it was all just speculation. No one had ever seen anyone being abducted, there wasn't even evidence of struggles or violence. I don't know what else to tell you.
Hello again. Is there something else I can tell you that might help you find the slave traders?
How do you know they are dead?
I must be going. Goodbye.
Tell me about yourself, Scholar Songtao.
Tell me what you know about Chandler Ling.
What do you know about the slave traders?
No, I should be going.
[temp string]
Die, worm!
F... forgive me. I saw a new face and hoped there was kindness there. I was mistaken.
I am a criminal, I suppose. For lightening a few purses I was sentenced to work on the Wall, but I was delivered here instead.
If you were strong, you could have survived.
Like what?
They come from across the Empire. Some are brought from the south, some from the poor quarters of the city. Others are those who have merely spoken ill of us.
Their lives before don't matter. Only their deaths concern us.
Death's Hand is our lord and master. He holds our souls in bondage and grants us power through it. We obey him unquestioningly. He is the will of the Emperor.
Inquisitor Jia is second only to Death's Hand himself. She is in charge of our work here, and she oversees our operations in the Imperial City.
I need to talk to you about Gambler Daoshen.
I have the five hundred silver right here.
What if I told you I had won this entire purse of silver off of one roll?
I didn't win that purse. It's his payment.
He's obviously ignoring your limits and rules. Shut him down.
I hope you mean to kill him slowly for defying your control like this.
I'm not here to make his payment.
The Guild shut me down! Didn't you pay them?
A misunderstanding? I cultivated my relationship with the Guild for years, and you tell me this was a *misunderstanding?*
Either a fool or you hold some imagined grudge against my family. Either way I am ruined!
You lie! I spent years securing my position here, and now some crooked dicer will move in and milk my good reputation.
But... you lied to them! I've always played by the Guild rules! How will I feed my children?
I was a fool to ask for your help. I may as well have asked a Lotus Assassin to carry my message to the Guild.
At least they would have been honest about destroying my life.
I ran an honest game! It was hard enough earning my keep without loading the dice. Is the entertainment I provide worth nothing to you?
You are a monster! I asked for your help and you ruined me!
I can't dice here in the city. Maybe there's a corner of the Empire where the Guild's influence doesn't reach.
Before you say a thing, I had a visit from one of Sweet Poison Lyn's contacts.
Fantastic news. I can up the bets! Now you can wager ten or twenty-five silver on each roll! This is perfect, and I have you to thank!
I already gave you the coin to pay Lyn. I thank you for its safe delivery.
Thank you again for paying the fee from your own silver. Here's your repayment and a little extra for your time.
Go away. I want nothing more to do with petty thieves.
They say you're in good with the Guild. You're allowed into the back rooms where Sweet Poison Lyn runs her shop, aren't you?
I have a favor to ask of you, when you have a moment. My name's Gambler Daoshen, by the way.\n
I know you have a brilliant career to attend to here, but I have a favor to ask of you if you can spare a moment.
I was wondering if you'd wander over here to test your luck. It's hard to resist the rattling call of the dice, isn't it? Gambler Daoshen's the name.
I run the straightest dice in the Imperial City. I wouldn't want to feed my children with tarnished silver, would I?
Good odds and fair play, that's how I keep them coming back.
You're not here to play? What did you want to talk to me for, then?
A simple enough game called High Low. You predict how you'll roll against my toss and double your coin if you're right.
You'll catch on easily enough, I'm sure.
You should see Sweet Poison Lyn as soon as you can. I would love to be able to play for higher stakes.
Back to try your luck, I hope?
I trusted you with that silver! It took me a month of scrimping to save it up!\n
That it was, but I forgive you, if you'll go see Sweet Poison Lyn soon.
The only lesson I've learned is about you. Leave me alone, thief.
That does it! No more dice for you, thief! I will start saving again and then we shall see!
I know you're allowed to go freely into the back room past Qui's office. Would you carry a message to someone in there for me?
I'm sorry, I meant no offense.
There's a merchant in the back named Sweet Poison Lyn. She has connections with the Guild, the real authorities in this place.
I want to expand my operation, but without the Guild's approval and protection, I can only take very small bets. If I made any larger transactions, they'd be quite upset.
I spoke to some of the lesser Guild members, and there's a set fee that must be paid to Sweet Poison Lyn.
It took me some time to save up the silver, but I have the fee. I just can't get back there to talk to Lyn and pay her directly.\n
If you could go in there and pay her on my behalf, I'd happily repay you.
A richer game with higher bets, of course. I'm sorry I can't offer you more, but you must admit this is a small favor.
My thanks. I'm sure Sweet Poison Lyn knows about my interest. I've been angling this deal for a while.
You should run back there now. The sooner you go, the sooner we can up the antes!
I understand where you're coming from, but look at it from my point of view: my game is established and comfortable. I gain nothing by refusing to repay you.
On the other hand, you have little to lose by running off with my silver. Trust me, I will pay you back if you do me this small favor.
[Success] I suppose there's some truth to that.
[Success] No! That's not what... oh, you're right. Why would you run off with my pittance, anyway?
[Success] A wager on your character, is it? Fair enough! I'll take it.
Here's one of my winnings purses with the silver. The marking on it will let her know it's from me. Please take it to Sweet Poison Lyn as quickly as possible.
[Failure] I'm sorry. If my request is an imposition on your time or your purse, I will find someone else to help me.
A shame. If you change your mind.... Well, how about a game?
I'd love to help you out, but you've stripped me as bare as an orchid in a hail storm.
That's what I was waiting to hear. So, what'll it be? Will your roll be higher or lower than mine?\n
High it is. Let's see how sure you are. How much will you bet?
Aiming under my roll are you? I'm happy with that if you are. How confident are you?
Let's see how they fall, shall we?
You called it right! A high roll doubles your wager.
Rolling low and winning large! You called it well.
Even! House takes the pot on an even bust, my friend.
Not enough spin on the wrist to best my roll, it seems. Don't worry, you'll make it back on the next round.
You called low but rolled high. Oh well, there's always next round!
Well, this is a pickled egg! That's quite the streak of luck you have there. You've cleaned me out.
I'll have to call the game off for a bit until I can come up with more silver to cover my bets. Congratulations, you've beat the house!
What say we try again?
Well, suit yourself. If you change your mind, I'm always ready to roll.
The rules are easier than the lonely daughter of an outskirts farmer, my friend.
The rules are simpler to deduce than the motives of a desperate lad memorizing sappy poetry.
You make a simple prediction of *cod6*High*cod6* or *cod6*Low.*cod6* Then we roll. I throw first and you throw second. If you wagered high and roll above me, you double your wager.
If you wagered low and roll below me, you also win. If we roll the same, the house takes all.
Thanks to your help, I can take bets of ten or twenty-five silver. I expect the Guild likes the work I'm doing at those rates.
I can take bets of one and five silver. Nothing extravagant, I know, but Gambler Daoshen plays by the rules.
Well, now, that goes back to the little favor I was hoping to ask of you.
The kind of rules you ignore only if you're tired of using your arms. I could probably find a way around them if I knew someone who could go into the back room, past Qui's office.
You're one of the fighters, aren't you? If you're ever allowed back there, come see me, and we'll talk.
I think they only let arena folk go back there. Fighters in some of the higher divisions.
High Low is easy to learn, and people like it. Why change?
Right you are. Educated as an ancient scholar, I hope?
Thanks again for all your help. Be seeing you around, I hope.
You take care of yourself, and come back soon to the best game in the city.
There was a misunderstanding about the fee.
I have no idea what happened.
The money you gave me convinced them you were over your limit.
I told them you offered to let me play outside your limit.
That's not my problem. Tell someone who cares.
Find some real employment and *earn* your way.
Sell your children into slavery. Their master is required by law to feed them.
What's the nature of the game?
I'm not really interested in gambling.
Enough of the patter. I'm here for information only.
I might be able to play a round. What's the game?
I'm not here to play games. I should go.
I've decided to keep your silver for myself.
My apologies. That was a tasteless joke.
This should teach you a lesson about trusting strangers.
Ask someone who cares.
What's this favor you need me to do?
That sounds easy enough, I'd be happy to help.
What message do you need me to carry?
I'm no one's serving girl. Don't waste my time.
I'm no one's messenger boy. Don't waste my time.
Tell me what you wanted, just make it fast.
What would it take to get their protection?
I assume their approval has a price.
How would I benefit from helping you?
I'd be happy to help. I'll go talk to her.
I'm not paying for you. Give me the money and I'll take it to her.
[Charm] You trusted me enough to ask for my help. You can trust me with your silver.
[Intimidation] You ask my help, then question my honor? I am no thief!
[Intuition] You're a gambler, aren't you? Sometimes you have to take a risk to win.
Fine. I'll go talk to her for you.
I'm not interested in helping you right now.
Let's roll the dice, I'd like to try my luck.
I bet I'll roll higher than you.\n
Lower. I'm betting I'll be under your roll.
I'll wager ten silver.
I'll put twenty-five coins down on this roll.
I'll wager one silver.
Let's go with five silver for my wager.
I've never seen anything like that! I... I'm going to have to change my shirt.
Let's play again.
Crush you!
On second thought, I don't want to bet right now.
Explain the rules for me.
What kind of bets do you take?
What rules stop you from taking larger bets?
Do you run any other games?
That's all I wanted to know about the rules.
That's enough for now. I should go.
I dropped you off at the pirate camp, you killed some pirates, I got drunk, you killed more pirates, and I took a nap! We are an unstoppable team, my friend!
[Success] Yes... yes! You're right. A wife... a family... I can do this! Even if it means giving up the wine!
[Failure] No, I'm afraid it's not so simple. I'd like those things: a wife, a family. But wine is everything to me. I could never give it up.
[Success] I... I suppose that's true. I did get you up the river when nobody else could... when nobody else dared! If I can take on the pirates, surely I can give up the wine!
You... you really believe I can do this, don't you? Well then, maybe I can! I took on the pirates... surely I can give up the wine!
[Charm] It won't be easy, Ru. But I know you're strong enough to do this.
[Intimidation] Quit making excuses! You can do this!
All this talk is just the rambling of an old woman. Put it out of your head and enjoy yourself. It may not be mine anymore, but this is still a fine teahouse.
I'm afraid you'll have to wait your turn, dearie. Waitress Yanwan is very busy. I'm sure she'll get to you in time.
Poor girl. Master Dutong works her too hard. If I still owned this place, she'd get far more than the few coins he gives her each week. But I guess he's in charge now.
Oh, of course I do, dearie. It was all I ever had. No children of my own. But it's Master Dutong's teahouse now. You can't argue with an Imperial Writ, you know.
Where can I get a drink?
Do you miss owning the teahouse?
There are a few things I better look into, first.
I'm still looking into this.
There's got to be more to this story.
I haven't spoken to him yet.
Retry Mission
Disengage
Dialog Review
Some of the others were captured by pirates and sold. One merely asked why the Imperial Army reports to the Lotus Assassins now.
Gao killed someone? And I let him go past here without questioning him? I'm an old fool!
Gao has killed a student, and now Dawn Star is missing.
We did nothing to deserve this harsh fate. You must be able to see that.
Hundreds... thousands... I don't know. All that were here when I arrived are gone. There are scratches on the walls... names of wives, of daughters.
What did so many do to deserve such a horrible death? We can hear them scream... one by one.
You... you would do that?
[Main level.]
[Prison level.]
You are a long way from the authority you need to make such promises. Don't get attached to them. There will always be more.
[Near-surface mine level.]
[Abandoned deep-level mine.]
Yes... farewell.
Yes, Lotus Acolyte? Is there anything I can do before my... death?
We are free, if only for a little while. There are sure to be other guards. Thank you for what you have done, but I'm not sure where to go now.
The mine! The smaller one, remember? Before they stopped digging out the graves, there was light from the surface coming in.
I heard about student Si Pat! That's terrible news... he seemed so earnest!
Slave Han Ro
You will meet her in time, and when you do, pray you do not anger her.
I am sworn to serve you, great one. My entire purpose in the mortal realm is to help you fulfill your destiny. I will do everything in my power to aid you.
I'll bury your bones for you.
The little girl you spoke to before is named Wild Flower. She is my anchor to your world. It is through her that I can exist here.
I'll see if I can find him for you.
You're dead. There's nothing I can do for you.
There is something chaotic enough to disrupt that. In the elevator room to come, descend to the deepest mine, to the oldest graves.
Good day, citizen. Some minor thing I can help you with?
As long as these questions aren't about anything sensitive. For instance, I would be happy to provide directions.
Easy enough to find. Just head as far east as you can go in this district and take the smaller path up the hill.
It winds a bit past the performers' pagoda and leads right into the Scholars' Garden.
The garden is just off the Golden Way, so you'll need to head there, first. One of the guards in there can take you the rest of the way, if you need.
You'll want to be careful in there. To get there, head to the western edge of this district. There's a footbridge that leads to the Necropolis gates.
Somewhat hard to miss, as it's cut right into the rock with three statues around it.
A pleasure. Anything else?
To reach the Necropolis, you need to go to the Golden Way first. Once there, you can ask another guard, if you're still lost.
Fair enough. What else can I do for you?
I'm afraid not. I'm on duty, and it's imperative that I remain focused on what few tasks I'm still deemed capable of performing.
A fellow guard once paused for idle chit-chat with a woman. She went to the Lotus Assassins with a story of his inattentiveness.
Next thing you know, he's arrested for threatening the security of the Empire with his lax ways. I don't know what happened to him, but I don't want to share his fate.
Be about your business, and stay out of trouble. Pleasure to be of service.
It's the honorable Lotus Assassins, you see. They feel that those of us dedicated to the Imperial Army are nothing more than louts to be ordered about.
Any member of the army, even city guard, is expected to defer any major disturbances to them. Makes me about as useful as a lamp post.
Seems like the Imperial Army can't be trusted with even the simplest of tasks these days. The Lotus Assassins have made sure that we're pushed aside.
If you find yourself needing directions, I or any of the other guards will be happy to help. We have to do something to pass the time.
Lost, citizen?
My manners desert me. I am Lord Yun, owner of this land and charged by the Emperor himself to keep it safe.
You should turn back south to Tien's Landing. This is the safest part of the Great Southern Forest, and even it is polluted with these strange ghosts.
I suppose no one knows this land better than I. Very well, what did you need to know?
This area is known as the Market District. Predictably, plenty of merchants set up their shops around here, and it's usually bustling.
On the north side of the district is the Imperial Arena. The Heart of the Empire Tavern in the upper level is a nice place to relax.
What else? Oh, yes, there's the Black Leopard School up the hill on the south side. Lots of skilled warriors get their start there.
This district? Well, it's called the Golden Way for a variety of reasons. Certainly one of the richer areas of the city, and one of the best looking, as well.
This district is a major thoroughfare, with the Scholars' Garden at one end and the Market District at the other.
There's also the Necropolis, but most people avoid that place. Who wants to spend time with the dead?
The Scholars' Garden is a quiet place.... Quiet until a pair of the scholars break out into debate, that is.
Certainly a lot of... knowledge being thrown around this place. I'll let you decide for yourself how much of it is worthwhile.
What district are you looking for?
The Market District's easy enough to find. Just head to the west end of the Golden Way and then turn north and go through the large gate.
From here, you need to head to the Golden Way to get to the Market District. So you don't get turned around, head there and, if you're still lost, ask another guard.
The Golden Way is through a gate in the southeast corner of this district. Just up a broad flight of steps that lead up from a courtyard.
To reach the Golden Way from here, go through these gates here. They lead west right into the Golden Way.
To reach the Golden Way, go into the pavilion on the north side of the garden and make your way through the rooms of illumination.
When you reach the large wooden pavilion, exit its west side and proceed down the hill to the south.
You'll only help me with minor things?
I do have some questions for you.
I don't need any directions.
Can you tell me anything other than directions?
No, I'm fine. I should go.
What can you tell me about this area of the city?
I need help finding my way.
How would I reach the Market District?
Where would I find the Golden Way?
I'm looking for the Scholars' Garden.
Where is the Necropolis?
That's all the directions I need. Thank you.
Pc fights Aishi for Sen
Aishi the Mournful Blade is dead, and you have collected a sizable bounty for eliminating her in front of Captain Sen.
PC lets Aishi fight Sen
Aishi the Mournful Blade had her revenge on Captain Sen for a crime committed long ago. She refused to just walk away, and you emerged the victor from her attack. With any luck, she has found some peace at last.
Fight Aishi
And if that wasn't bad enough, we have the pirates to worry about, too. They've been raiding the countryside, taking prisoners to sell into slavery.
The dam was built nearly twenty years ago, causing the river to rise. Now, the dam is open, and the river has fallen so low no ships can navigate it.
Tien's Landing cannot survive without the river, but nobody in the town dares to go into the ruins to close the dam. The ruins are haunted with the spirits of the dead!
It's bad luck to speak of such things! Old Wei in the town might tell you more; he's too old to care about ghosts and curses. But I have enough bad luck already.
A generous offer, great one, but the gate leading to the ruins is locked. If you want to close the dam, you'll have to get the key from Minister Sheng.
I'm sure he'd be glad to give you a key to the gate. Nobody else will risk going into the ruins because of the ghosts.
There's a road off to the right just beyond this teahouse. Keep following it up until you reach the town square. Minister Sheng is usually there.
I wish I could help you, great one. But I am only a humble peasant woman. All I know about pirates is to try and avoid them.
Maybe Sheng knows more. I'm sure he'd do all he could to help you get rid of the pirates threatening the town. After all, he is our Imperial Minister.
Never mind. I want to ask you something else.
I want to know more about the dam.
Haunted ruins? Tell me more.
Maybe I can close the dam for you.
How do I find Minister Sheng?
I have more questions for you.
I have questions about the pirates.
Don't worry about that. When the Marvelous Dragonfly takes off, the earth shakes and the sky trembles! You can't miss it.
Your friend will see us take off, and he'll head back to town on his own.
What about Ru? He's waiting to take me back.
[Charm] If you help me end the troubles, everybody benefits.
Four students test their skills against one master.
Unyielding stone meets the press of time.
These monsters crave the flesh of man.
The Pit of Pain: Only the quick survive its fiery embrace.
Only in our Empire can demons be harnessed for sport!
Will the demon rend flesh from bone, or will a lone warrior prove stronger?
Flashing blades and deadly grace.
The Imperial Army honors us with a most unique trial.
The Phoenix Unity is among the rarest of styles. No one person has defeated it... yet.
Speed, might, and magic will be needed to defeat these brothers three.
The Imperial Engagement begins! An ogre begins the onslaught!
Hapless Han enters the fray!
What is the greater foe? Exhaustion, or a fiend fallen from the heavens?
Iron Soldier makes another foray against his nemesis.
How long can one warrior last, battling a tide of foes?
The Serpent returns, and the contest will be decided here and now.
The Black Whirlwind returns to the ring to face the Serpent. Might meets magic.
Assassin Supplies
Prince of Sorrow
If there is nothing else, you should leave me alone.
I heard someone got away once. I don't know if they made it out of the Necropolis, but it is a chance!
But... there will be guards.
Paused
Then... then we have no choice. Come... if we stay here, we die. If we fight, there is a chance.
Do what you like.
Let's... let's go!
Thank you. I did not expect to find a kind soul in this place.
Change will take you. Soon, you will be one of us!
Where do these slaves come from?
Thank you. I don't think we would have a chance without you.
Tell me about Inquisitor Jia.
Nothing for now.
Thank you again for your help. We await your signal that it is safe to make our way to the mine. It is our only hope.
They... they are all dead. I don't know whether to thank you for release or curse you for this fate.
So... hungry....
What? Who are you?
I can't get out of here soon enough. This is nothing but a nightmare. You're demons, all of you!
Red Minister
Tea House
Lever
Chimney
Button
Water wheel
Machine
Get up, you lot. I'll be embarrassed for myself, thank you. Save your false modesty for my father's court.
Gao killed someone? Maybe he took Dawn Star as well!
Come, one more bout before our master steals you away.
I am rarely beaten, friend.
I'm sure the others agree that my tastes are balanced. The Minister, however, is easily engaged by sympathetic pleas, as are Scholars Zou and Gu.
I find their appreciation of such fawning to be distasteful, but that is one of the arguments they prefer.
I don't dislike him. I find some of his points to be worth discussing, but Sir Roderick is... a bit disruptive for the garden.
He may bring attention that we do not want. It would be best to peacefully encourage him to be on his way.
The debate was a terrible defeat. If you won't face the Outlander in combat, what victory can we claim?
Why do you dislike the Outlander?
I... I haven't given it much thought. I pictured myself as balanced, but some of the others are very specific in their tastes.
Actually, you can sway Scholars Cai and Gu by mocking your opponent. I don't care for it, but they seem to respond quite vigorously.
He is coarser than the thinkers I am used to, but on the whole I am not as upset by him as others appear to be.
He seems bent on disruptive behavior. He should be encouraged to take that elsewhere.
It is unfortunate that you could not defeat the Outlander in the debate. What recourse do we have now?
Do you share the Minister's dislike of the Outlander?
I don't care where he came from. Anything to get him on his way.
Your failure in the debate was abysmal. What will you do to recover your honor?
Do you share the Minister's disdain for the Outlander?
Scholars Zou and Cai are easy to predict. Dismissing a weak argument gets their attention immediately and will spur them one way or another.
He doesn't seem that interested in gathering any. He is clearly used to imposing his opinion, regardless of the recipients' desire to have it.
His points are debatable, but his presentation is not compatible with the garden.
This was a troubling affair. Is there nothing we can do now about this Outlander?
The Outlander has very few supporters.
I will take my leave. Remember, however, that while I may have succumbed to your fists, my mind bested yours in no uncertain terms.
Trust her voice. We need a path through Master Li's corruption.
The Minister is not the best at... applied intelligence. Many of the scholars are theoretically smart.
The Minister had me insult thirty-four people. The best answer before yours was a smart slap in the face.
I am supposed to be the servant of an educated man. Destiny is a trickster that does not share the joke.
I like this Outlander. His foolishness is not disguised behind education.
The Minister is not the most aware of what he says.
Such a string of improprieties. Spirits have tricked his mouth into mocking him.
He may not know he is the center of a joke, but that does not decrease my enjoyment.
Your actions must have brought too much sense to the world. The Minister seems to be charged with returning balance.
A shame you had to send the Outlander on his way. I welcome anything that shakes up these bookworms.
I almost wish the Outlander had won. Everyone is back to thinking about how important they are.
*cod84* Daze turns to confusion (target attacks enemies)
*cod84* Adds 5 second daze effect to punch 4. Chi charge casts a confusion beam.
**Temp** triples daze duration
*cod84* Power becomes area effect (5 meters)
You are strange indeed, but what you say is true. The Heavenly Lily could never abide such a situation.
I would bite my own tongue before ever allowing that... *cod6*man*cod6* to touch me.
You still underestimate his power. But one way or another, we must stop him.
I'm sorry, I've ruined the mood. We should continue our talk another time. First, we must expose Death's Hand, reveal his treachery and manipulation.\n
Generosity is a part of my character from time to time as well. It is more than most men will show for you.
The Imperial Palace holds many treasures... although Death's Hand carted many off, to what end I do not know.
Well, perhaps it would be best if we restricted this relationship to business. There is a limit to my patience and I will end this before I reach that limit.
I thank you for your courtesy. One always likes to hear when one's gifts are appreciated.
Can I not simply want to give you something? Does my noble birth not give me the same right as any other to... to show favor?
You rebuff my attempt at friendship? I am a daughter of the Emperor himself. It would be wise of you not to draw my ire. Civility is prized in the Imperial City.
But I understand the strains and pressures that you have been under. I am willing to forgive your impertinence this once.
After the... disappearance of my uncle, Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven, the Imperial Order of the Lotus Monks was directionless.
Instead of taking on that role himself, my father gave it to an advisor: Death's Hand. I was only a baby at the time.
He did not have enough time. The burden of state is heavy and he is not a well man. Death's Hand takes advantage of this.
Regardless, the Lotus Monks were placed in the care of Death's Hand, a duty reserved for royalty. It was almost as if my father took Death's Hand into our family! My family!
We have been caretakers of the Empire for generations. We have created a bastion of culture in an otherwise uncivilized world. Death's Hand threatens all of this.
It is my duty to see that the natural order is preserved.
About... about me? But... why?
I mean, there's so much I've told you already, I really don't think that we need any more information to complete our mission.
Oh... well, I suppose I could answer a few  questions.
Although I'm sure more than enough has been said about me by the peasants or others. I am quite used to defending myself from all quarters.
Am I really that way? Perhaps I appear to be, but only because I have no other way to fight what is happening. I care deeply about the traditions of this land.
It pains me to go against what I try to protect. What other choice do I have? I hope the people speak of other things... how I try to make things right.
You presume a great deal. Can you really have seen this in such a short time?
Those are qualities I would like to say I have, but I am not certain that I do. I have little time for listening when I seem to be fighting the very system of which I am a part.
You... well, you might. I don't know what the future will bring for us.
Do you think yourself worthy of reminding me of what is important? To keep me humble? My father will take a dim view of that.
My father, the Emperor, is the heart and soul of this Empire. He is the one who can restore your master to you. You must respect him.
He should be of great concern to you, if only because he is of concern to me.
Ha! Your ambition knows no bounds, but the Empire is no stranger to your kind. We have dealt with many like you.
Of course, it appears that we have also nearly fallen to one. I will stand with you against Death's Hand, but remember our purpose. I will see my father restored.
I think we've talked enough for now. I have enjoyed this. Perhaps we can continue later.
That is not true. Without the support of the people, an Emperor... or Empress... has nothing. My father has forgotten this in the spell Death's Hand has woven.
So the burden is left for me to bear. I don't know if I can overcome all that fate will put in my way.
Ha! Strong words, indeed! I never pictured myself as a harsh ruler, but I certainly try to maintain the virtue of justice. Is that how I present myself to you?
I do know what I want, but getting it is something else. Sometimes, I think you know what I mean, and others... I don't know myself.
Wait... this is further than I thought this conversation would go. This is not proper... I will not allow it. You presume too much.
I think we have had quite enough amusement for now. Perhaps... perhaps we will continue this a little later. I have enjoyed our little... talk.
You are very unlike the women of the court I grew up with. I have long tried to separate myself from them.
First you stab at me with your words, then twist them around to seek my heart. You are very adept.
So, why dress this revelation in so many previous compliments? If this is your true opinion, I don't see a need to continue this.
How very superficial, yet... flattering... coming from you.
I suppose peasants tend to focus on certain things, given their short and brutish lives. Something to imagine, some perfection to seek...
And do you agree with them?
Useful. And that is all? If that is the extent of what you want from me, why disguise your intent with your previous words? You are very confusing.
I think it would be best to confine our talks to the task at hand. If you require something, I will help, but this game of yours is too distracting.
That is... not what I was expecting you to say. You are very unlike the women of the court I grew up with. I have long tried to separate myself from them.
As you can tell from my unconventional choice of traveling... companions. I think we are very similar, you and I. You are... interesting.
We will continue this another time. I find myself at a loss for words. Very few people have had such an effect. Yes, you are... interesting.
I have never seen myself as particularly generous, but it would not be so bad to be remembered in that way. The gratitude of the peasants is important to any ruler.
They, even unknowingly, have the power to see the Empire rise or fall. The love of the people is powerful.
I hope, however, that I am not just seen as a giver of charity. Anyone can throw money at the downtrodden. I try to accomplish more than that.
Harsh times demand harsh actions. This is a time of trial for my family and the Empire. One I shall not fail!
I hope they do not only speak of my harshness, despite my position above them. We all want people to speak well of us.
I was at least trying to be civil, but you persist in treating me this way. Very well. Other than the goals we share, there shall be nothing between us.
Now, if there is anything you wish to ask regarding those goals, I shall speak. Otherwise, let's just get on with it.
I mean, if you were a man, I could understand how there might be some interest but... never mind. Is this about the mission?
I don't know. I have made... inquiries, but no one had seen or heard of him before he rose to power. He was like a Lotus Assassin even then... hiding in the shadows.
I don't know. My father said he and my other uncle, Sun Li, were lost in the battle to end the Long Drought, but I can find no record of who or what they fought.
And don't start your foolishness that your master is the Glorious Strategist. You have no proof of that. He remains a dead man, and possibly a traitor.
Sometimes he refers to them in very unflattering terms. My father may refuse to speak of it for the good of the Empire.
I need your help and will aid you in return, but I don't need to hear your insults. You will see when all of this is done.
My father will be restored, Death's Hand will be punished, and you will take your master back to whatever mud hole you crawled from.
I think we are through talking. Onward with business. I will trouble you with nothing else from now on.
I'm trapped here in this cave. It's so cold and dark... I just want to get outside. But this puddle's blocking me in, and there's no way across.
Thank you! Thank you so much! I just need to get across this puddle, but I can't touch the water because... because of how I died.
She is... special. Without her, I could not bridge the gap between your realm and my own. With her as my host, I can manifest myself here.
I have done nothing to her. She has helped give me form, and in return, I protect her.
No, she has no command of magic. She is my anchor in this world.
Feel death's icy breath!
She is an anchor binding me to the mortal realm. I could not exist in your realm without her. I protect Wild Flower from danger, and she allows me to fulfill my duties.
We are separate, but in many ways we are also one. I would explain it better if I could, but as I said, it is difficult to understand.
I do not know. The will of heaven is kept from me. I know only what I am supposed to do.
I knew I was to guard the amulet and the gem. And I was to wait for their rightful owner. Now I know I must help you fulfill your destiny... whatever that may be.
To exist here, I needed an anchor. That is where Wild Flower has helped me. With the ability to influence and manipulate the material realm, I could carry out my task.*cod2*
But even with Wild Flower anchoring me to this world, I failed in my mission. Treachery took the amulet from me; now we must recover it to fulfill your destiny.
She... was already here. It was of benefit to both of us that she serve as my host. The will of the heavens dictate, and no mortal or demon can resist them.
I have given you the gem and fulfilled part of my mission, but the Lotus Assassins took the amulet from me. You will need them both to fulfill your destiny.
I was able to kill them all... all but the leader. While I was fighting his followers, he seized the amulet and fled. I could not follow.
My duty bound me here. I had to stay and wait for you. But now that you are here, I am free to leave this place and go with you to reclaim the amulet.
No. He has fled beyond my reach. But I am confident you will find him and reclaim the amulet. It was destined for you, not him.
I cannot follow you in the normal sense. I exist here, within Wild Flower, and can only manifest for short periods. She will accompany you, and through her, so will I.
By the honor of my family!
I must inflict pain.
I tried to tell you, I am not a Lotus Assassin!
My name is none of your business!
I don't need another servant.
Why shouldn't I just kill you, monster?
I am honored to have you as my companion, Chai Ka.
You better make yourself useful.
Who was that little girl?
So what happens now?
What have you done to her, demon?!
Is she a sorceress?
I don't understand.
I'll re-educate you.
So what is my destiny?
How did Wild Flower know to come here?
Most believe Sun Li fell at Dirge... a lie spread by the Emperor. A handful of us knew that he lived, and we also learned the terrible price of his rebellion.
Do you know where the thief went?
If you're coming with me, let's go.
My art brings you low.
It sounds too dangerous. Forget it.
Immolated
Drunk
Our men are no match for the ghosts in the forest. Perhaps you are.
I appreciated your gift.
Then why take the risk?
I thank you for the gift and the risk you took giving it.
It is a noble's duty to face hardship. It is the burden you must bear.
The power of royalty is the power to command. And your father will not live forever.
We cannot allow such a travesty to happen.
Your flower would only wither under such harsh conditions.
It doesn't really matter, since I will kill Death's Hand soon enough.
Where did you find it, anyway?
Your favor means nothing to me. You are useful so long as you help me.
I question your motives. I do not trust you yet.
Trinkets from spoiled princesses are useless to me.
That annoys you, I can see. Tell me about it.
Why didn't your father take the role for himself?
That is your duty, but what about who you are? Tell me about yourself.
The princess and her duties interest me less than the woman behind them.
What do they say? That she is a hellion? She flies in the face of tradition?
I'm sure they say the princess has the authority to command, yet the wisdom to listen to advice.
Don't worry. I'll keep you grounded.
I'll be wherever you wish me to be.
Your father is far from my mind right now.
You misunderstand. He is far from my mind because I am enjoying your company.
If need be, your father will fall to me.
You don't need to care what other people think.
No doubt they say the princess brooks no challenge and tolerates no incompetence.
You are a strong woman who knows how to get what she wants.
As cold as ice... and as flawless.
You're much too harsh a person. It's unappealing.
I'm sure they cannot stop talking about the beauty of this princess.
I think you are very beautiful.
I think you will be very useful to me.
What do they say? That she would do anything for those in need?
I'll wager that they say she has an iron will and a heart of ice.
You're right... you aren't that interesting.
Are men the only ones with interests? Tell me about yourself.
Typical of the elite. All that matters is how important *you* are.
Who was Death's Hand before?
What happened to Sun Kin?
Then your father is weak and will get what he deserves.
Leave me alone, damnable spirit!
Tremor
Dragon's Wrath
Shrieking Fury
Mirage
[Master Li sealed the doors behind you. You must uncover the mysteries of this cave before you may return to the school.]
I wish you'd let me cut the head off the Serpent, but I can respect you wanting to take care of things yourself.
Consume Spirit
Cloudburst
Firestorm
Reverse Tides
Radiant Aura
Spirit's Calling
You have... you have given us a chance. Please, let us out!
Lotus Wizard
Merchant
I've changed my mind. I'll just leave you here.
Is there something troubling you? Your feelings are important to me.
Is there anything you wanted to discuss before I get moving? Anything personal?
*ahem* Your parentage is below average, and your ancestry is of questionable worth.
You dress yourself in the manner of a common laborer.
Nobody is paying any attention.
Keep trying. Just as I instructed!
Your physique seems exceptional. Clearly you are a peasant; a noble could afford sloth.
Your breath is like the wind of an ox. Your last meal was of suspect quality.
Your beliefs are superficial, and your culture is substandard.
You are right to demand an explanation. Forgive my servant. I instructed him to find someone not distracted by mere insults. Someone who would command respect.
Your demand for justification of his arguments was admirable. You are exactly what we need.
An Outlander strolled into the city several days ago and now sits, like a cormorant, taking what he wants from the river of our hospitality.
So far, he has escaped the notice of any higher officials. Perhaps he was mistaken for an actor in a troupe, but that will not last.
If he is reported, the Lotus Assassins will take notice. They'll want to know if he was harbored or his offense was encouraged. Guilt by association is enough for them.
He claims he crossed the Glass Sea, which would mean he is from the Mysterious East. I've heard reports of minor trade with that region, but only on a small scale.
Please, my intent is noble. An Outlander arrived several days ago, and now we cannot get him to leave. He is consuming copious amounts of our food and wine.
Hold! You must forgive my servant. He was acting for me. I asked him to find someone not distracted by mere insults. Someone who would command respect.
Just a moment! You are Raging Dragon from the arena, are you not? Now I am *certain* we have the right person.
Wait! You are Silver Phoenix from the arena, are you not? Now I *know* you are perfect for the job I have in mind.
Are you... you are! You are Tiger Lifts the Mountain from the arena. Yes, you will be perfect!
I must say, your refusal to stand for it was admirable. I think you are exactly what we need.
I am ill-equipped to see my own faults, but I, like my fellow scholars, am adept at exploiting the weaknesses of others.
Scholars Heng and Zou are easily swayed with simple facts. Cite such details and they are certain to change their opinion either for or against.
It is not so much the subject but the tactic that triggers reaction. Each judge will respond only to argument styles they favor.
If a judge likes fact, use it once and he will join your side. Use it again and he will switch back, just to further debate. Other arguments may not interest him at all.
(snicker)
Do you disagree? I have never seen such a cunning linguist.
Ha!
It is money well spent; compensation because my own diction came up short.
Baaahahaha!
[Failure] Your argument is compelling, but your failure to defeat the Outlander in the debate makes me reluctant.\n
Here, a few more coins, but there will be no more. If attention is brought to this now, you will suffer as much as the rest of us.
Our business is concluded. Thank you once again. Now, goodbye.
I did not expect this from someone who performed so well in the debate. Clearly the Outlander's boorish nature has rubbed off on you.
Your service is appreciated. If only there were more like you in the Empire.
Yes, we were glad to have you, despite the half-victory.
Quiet rumblings, of course. We are clearly the more proficient fighters. Please, accept this token amount of silver for your service.
If my ministry had more members we could have put up a stiffer resistance.
(snort) Heh.
It is shameful how our members shrank from the Outlander's chilling arguments.
Heh.
Rarely have I been so envious of someone's oral skills. Your skillful tongue had the crowd gushing praise.
Pft. Heehee.
I was prepared to help, but I left my part out because I knew you would handle everything.
Oh, hehe.
If Sir Roderick pushes his way back into my garden, he'll find such a cold reception that he'll never come again.
[snicker] Aiya.
Someday I'll invite you to my wife's tavern by the stone river marker. The best carn dock teas in the city.
Uh, heh. Hmm.
A well defined rebuttal is a beautiful thing. I polled the other scholars and they agree.
Pfft! Ha!
It has been a great honor having your assistance. The elite of the Scholars' Garden are in your debt.
Your defense of our way of life was masterful. An excellent example of the craft of debating.
Many of our debates are decided by form over content. I suppose that is why the subtleties of being a scholar are lost on so many.
Perhaps I will organize a series of debates in your honor. I just have to find a way of doing so without mentioning the Outlander.
I must confess, when you lost the debate, it only increased my desire to see the Outlander defeated in battle.
It is difficult to defeat a well-entrenched enemy on two fronts. I had hopes you would do better.
Many of the Scholars were cheering you. Anger over the debate certainly inspired their... baser instincts.
I may have heard one or two voices against you during your fight. Perhaps they thought winning the fight only secured the Outlander's view of us as savages.
What are you doing? Why attempt to insult me?
I asked for an explanation. Justify yourself or I will take offense.
There is no point to your insults. Defend your claims, or cease this instant!
Explain yourself.
Where did this man come from?
If you were behind this, then I owe *you* a beating!
That's it. I will put an end to your pointless heckling!
I am warning you. I demand respect!
What is going on here? Answer me!
Big Tian
[Success] Very well, but I will hear no more of this from now on. You risk becoming as much a problem as the man you coarsely defeated.
[Failure] I... am sorry, but as skillful as you are, I feel my offer was fair.\n
The Outlander manhandled every defense we erected, but you beat him off wonderfully.
You must enter a name.
*cod6*The storms of misfortune always pass, and the rains of sorrow bring forth a field of opportunity.*cod6* Words to live by, I say.
You're not the only one. All over town people keep saying to me, *cod6*Lishun, why are you so happy? Can't you see how bad things are?*cod6* But it's just a matter of perspective.
Things will get better. They always do. It's like my father used to say: The greater the problem, the greater the solution. I'm sure it will all work out.
You came to the right place, then. I won't give you the doom and gloom others will. Sure, we've got problems, but Tien's Landing is still the best village in the district!
Now, now. *cod6*Drunk*cod6* is such a harsh word. Perhaps he ingests more wine than most of us, but can you blame him?
This region is known for its remarkable wines; they say a single drop is like the sweet tears of a goddess. It's a wonder we don't all drink as much as he does.
Denial? Preposterous. Sure, half the people have moved away, and those who stayed have mostly given up hope. And the entire town is running out of food and silver.
But does my optimism mean I'm in denial? Of course not! I mean, none of the buildings are on fire, right? See? Something good, just like that. Right off the top of my head.
I admit that some see our Imperial Minister Sheng as... well... not entirely competent or capable of dealing with our problems. But somehow things will work out. They always do.
Of course, of course. I will gladly converse on any number of topics. It's a fine way to pass the time on such a beautiful day!
Before he was Emperor, before there even was an Empire, Sagacious Tien was a young man fond of wandering the countryside. One day he stopped, weary from his travels.
He lay down to rest beneath the shade of a cool tree and had a marvelous dream of a shining empire. This dream drove him to create the Jade Empire as we know it.
Yes, but there *used* to be. Many centuries ago. All evidence of it may be gone now, but just knowing it was here once is all the proof I need.
Other villages try to claim the Emperor had his dream while crossing their lands, but I know the truth. Tien's Landing--my home town--is the birthplace of the Empire.
Most of the merchants, and our glorious Minister Sheng, gather in the town square, the highest point in the village. Just follow any path that leads up until you reach it.
I want to talk about something else.
But there is no castle.
Glad to see you're keeping your spirits up.
You mean he's a drunk.
I think you're in denial.
He seemed like a pathetic drunk to me.
The artifact is supposed to be in the room at the end of the tomb. Once you're there, I'll catch up with you.
There are still ghosts. I can't get the artifact unless the ghosts are gone.
All right. I'll wait here until you've cleared them all. Good luck.
I... see. Well, please don't be too long. I need to get that artifact back to Purveyor Shouji soon.
That's it. I've got it. Now let's get out of here before... what's that? Did you hear that?
Getting out of here is going to be harder than getting in, I think.
I'm glad you're looking forward to this. I'm just going to hide in here until it's all over.
That doesn't sound like nothing.
I can't believe we made it out of there alive. You're an amazing fighter.
I wonder why Purveyor Shouji wants this bowl so badly. It looks so... ordinary, except for maybe this writing.
It doesn't make any sense. *cod6*Conductor, cog, and a bit of iron. Don't play with the tiger.*cod6* Whatever that means.
Huh. Well I'm glad it was useful to you.
I can't imagine how it could be interesting, but I'm glad you think so.
I... I told you before that I have nothing of value to give you. You can have everything in the tomb.
Thank you again for helping me. Purveyor Shouji is waiting, so I should be going. Goodbye.
What? No! Purveyor Shouji would sell my mom to the slave traders if I give it to you. I have to go now; Shouji is waiting.
Hello again. Purveyor Shouji was so happy to see the artifact that he released me and my mom from our debts. Thank you again for all your help.
Thanks again for all your help. My mom and I are very grateful for all you've done.
Trust what you see. Voices can come from anywhere.
She will coerce and belittle. Trust your desire.
I... don't have anything to give you. My mom and I are very poor, or we wouldn't be working for Purveyor Shouji.
I overheard Shouji say the artifact was in an old emperor's tomb. I bet there's a lot of stuff in there you could take... once I get us inside.
I don't care about anything but the artifact. Anything else is yours.
I... see. Well, goodbye then.
That's not enough. Forget it.
That sounds like a fair deal. Okay, I'll help you.
Ya Zhen: She is strong here... but I don't think she means to interfere. Something about... guidance. You will know more inside.
I've decided to help you after all.
Why was that man bothering you before?
Stay here until I've cleared the ghosts.
Don't worry. I'll get rid of the ghosts in no time.
I'm not worried. I've fought tougher things than ghosts.
Sorry, I must have got turned around.
I must go, but I'll return shortly.
I have to go.
Sounds like trouble.
A chance for more fighting, if I'm lucky!
It's probably nothing.
That might be a configuration I'm looking for.
Hmm, interesting.
Well, you've got your artifact. What do I get?
All right. Get going then.
Give me the artifact.
Ya Zhen: Urgh... it may not matter who walks through the door. I sense a great power within, and her will cannot be ignored.
I'll go there immediately.
I can do it, but it'll cost you.
Boathouse Door
Fine. Here's the evidence. Songtao is guilty after all.
Yes, Songtao is obviously guilty.
Yes, I want silver and goods!
Of course. I don't work for free!
Is there anything else I can do for you today, my friend?
Yes, show me what you've got for sale.
No thanks. I must be going.
Show me your items again.
This region is known as the Great Southern Forest, as I said. The forest stretches for miles to the north, east, and west of here.
This specific area is known as the Pilgrim's Path. These hills house several small shrines, and a large temple lies at the top of the path that begins with these stairs.
As it stands, this is the only part of the forest that's even vaguely passable. Coming from the Imperial City, I had no choice but to take a flyer to Tien's Landing.
Things have worsened in the past few months, which is roughly the time since the trees of the forest started to look sickly.
Before I flew here from the Imperial City, I heard rumors of more and more ghosts in the outer provinces, but I foolishly thought them exaggeration.
The forest is polluted with ghosts of all types, and they are only growing in number. As you must know, ghosts can only be dispersed, never destroyed completely.
Of the vast expanse of this forest, this area--the Pilgrim's Path, as it's called--is the safest.
I hoped that coming here might help me learn why the forest is as it is, but that seems a lost cause.
If things don't improve soon, I shall have to abandon this camp and fly back to the Imperial City a failure. That would be unfortunate.
Hold on a sec. We got company.
You're a little too interested in our business, friend. Looks like we gotta teach you to back off when Ai Ling's boys are working.
Yes, you're right, of course. I suppose I can't fault Lan for being worried about me. I've taken some serious beatings lately.
Sorry, sorry. Forgive me, honorable stranger. I'm not normally so... well, I'm a bit of a wreck right now. I've taken some pretty bad beatings these past few days.
She's obviously crazy. I've done nothing to her. We haven't even spoken in years! If I go to her hideout to talk to her, I'm afraid I'll never come out.
At least the beatings on the street are out in public. They won't kill me in front of witnesses. Well, not on purpose, anyway.
No. Lan's very emotional; I didn't want her to get upset. At first, I didn't tell her anything at all. But I couldn't hide my bruises forever, so I told her about the beatings.
But even then, I didn't mention Ai Ling. It's bad enough what's happening to me. I was afraid if Lan became more involved, Ai Ling might hurt her, too.
I'm being completely honest, I swear! I... I know how this looks. You must think I've done something to deserve this. But I have no idea why Ai Ling is after me!
I... I understand. You must have more important things to do than help out a simple baker with his problems. But I have nowhere else to turn.
Please, if you get a chance, go speak with Ai Ling in the boathouse. See if you can get her to leave me alone. Lan and I just want to live our lives in peace.
Lan figured you couldn't handle things on your own.
Actually, Lan sent me to help you.
She's just worried about you.
So why did those thugs attack you?
Have you told any of this to Lan?
I get the feeling you're not telling me something.
Never mind. Goodbye.
Now look what you've made me do! I've collapsed the way out! When I catch you, woman, you will be sorry!
It's always someone else's fault, isn't it, Gao! This is your mess! I didn't make you kidnap me!
Your friend is doing a good job of frustrating Gao into carelessness. That will work in your favor. But it also means we have to follow them by a different route.
Be careful, that means fresh enemies for us. These caves harbor strange creatures.
So you do know each other!
Well, this is certainly foreboding. You really have to work to get this level of menace into a building.
Yes, I'm Spear Catches Leaf, Lord Yun's lead hunter. I learned a ritual from Lord Yun's father, and I had hoped to use it to ask the aid of the Forest Shadow.
He is corrupting its nature. Fortunately, you now see that, as a Spirit Monk, essence gems will serve you without it. The amulet is a pathway, not a source of power.
Cannibals? Humans twisted inside by consuming others' flesh? Why would you ask that?
It's all the more pressing that you try to reach her, then! Cannibals? What could cause men to warp so? I'd almost rather not know.
It is true that spirits can grow fickle. Some become vindictive, punishing men for imagined crimes. The Forest Shadow, though, has been constant for centuries.
Not that I can think of, but I haven't yet visited the Pilgrim's Rest. Could they have incurred her wrath? Perhaps you should ask them.
[Spirits go mad if denied passage to the underworld. They are strong, but you can fight them. You can't kill the dead, but in defeat they are disrupted and can't reform for a time.]
Debating Ground
I've set the fires, and the furnaces are ready, but one of the key crystals is missing. Without it, we can't even see what these furnaces are supposed to do.
I examined the area when I realized that the crystal was gone, and I stumbled across some strange tracks that lead in the direction of the inn.
I don't know. They looked like bare human feet, but the tracks were closely spaced and bore a strange gait. As if a child made them... A deformed child.
But the fact is, Bei promised to marry me long before that seamstress batted her brazen little eyes at him.
He didn't even have the decency to tell me himself. Even now he'd rather get beaten up every day than face me... or he sends someone in his place, like you.
I get it. I'm just a thug, right? But Bei promised to marry me, whether he admits it or not. And now he won't even come here and face me himself. That should tell you something.
I hope things work out for Bei and Lan. After everything I put them through, they deserve it. I don't know what came over me.
She said there was something I need to know, Bei. What's going on? What is she talking about?
I was crying, so you took my hand and said, *cod6*I think you're pretty, Ai Ling. And someday, when we're grown up, I'll marry you.*cod6*
It meant something to me, Bei! You were the only boy who didn't tease me, the only one I liked. You promised to marry me, and you're going to keep that promise!
It's okay, Ai Ling. I hope... I hope things work out for you.
Come on, Bei. Let's go.
If I had more, I would gladly give it to you. But my family isn't rich; this dowry is all I have. Please, take it with my thanks.
You can't be serious. Ai Ling would kill her!
Make your way there. I will stay behind to tend the furnaces. If you need more information, supplies, or even training, you know where to find me.
It's good to see you again. Is there anything I can do for you?
Greetings, my friend. Have you had any luck finding the crystal?
That's because he's afraid of you.
You can't force him to marry you.
I guess he's getting what he deserves.
I think you're lying about Bei proposing.
Seems like you're being unreasonable, Ai Ling.
Glad to be of service.
That's it? I was hoping for more.
You have it? Excellent! I should return and report this to Lord Yun. He will want to hear this news.
I am a hunter, not a warrior. My gifts lie in moving swiftly, silently, and alone. The news must be brought to Lord Yun and it is my duty to bring it.
The crystal fits into the central pedestal atop these steps, unlocking the lens arms in the lower furnaces so they can direct light to the remaining furnaces.\n
Was that a key you put in my pack?
Hey! I'm not some cheap bottle of wine to be passed around! Damn it, even wine shouldn't be passed, in my opinion.
Lord Yun paid you very well to safeguard his men, and now you're being paid to safeguard his new agent. Surely you don't mean to go back on your word?
My word isn't worth a damn thing. That said, I'm still reeling from actually losing to anyone short of an army.
Fine, hand it over.
My only rules are; don't touch my axes, don't touch my wine, and don't get between me and my enemies. If you can live with that, we'll get along just fine.
Well, you and me and Little Miss Magenta here. Maybe she can distract our foes, flash a little leg.
Would you like to see the damage these legs can inflict firsthand?
Well... you, me, and the fellow with the dark hands and dark looks.
I already tire of this fool. Keep him away from me if you want him to stay alive.
Well... you, me, and the pretty boy. You must be wealthy to have your own eunuch.
Ha! You're going to fit right in.  You must like to dice, correct?
Sure! Can't say as I'm very good at it, I can never remember the rules....
Well... you, me, and the kid. I hope she's well trained.
You smell funny.
Whoa... almost didn't see the little guy. Is he with you, too?
Yep, just you and me, bashing aside anything that gets in our way.
Be safe. The spirits willing, I will reach Lord Yun's camp quickly. If you need more supplies or training, that is where I will be.
Let's go find something and make its day a lot worse.
Hey, careful, now. I'm being paid to look after you, and not doing that would break the code.
To be fair, I don't remember what the code says, but I'm standing by it, so you're stuck with me.
You got it. But you can't actually *use* my axes. Just so we're clear, I'm the only one who touches the axes.
Right. If I'm lucky, something will try to jump me on the way there. Though I bet you've ruined the fun by clearing a path for me already. Maybe I'll take the long way.
Have a look and tell me what you need. I'm collecting the silver to honor the men we lost to these accursed ghosts.
I have a small stock of supplies, and I can also train you to be more precise and focused in battle. My name is well earned, some tell me.
They took it pretty hard. Even after all the beatings I gave them over the years, they still aren't used to losing to a girl. Maybe the humiliation will be good for them.
You'd think after all the beatings I gave them over the years they'd be used to losing, but they're still taking it pretty hard. Maybe the humiliation will be good for them.
I know what you're thinking. Why would Bei want to marry someone like me?
No, I bet he didn't. Wouldn't want to go around telling people how he left me high and dry, would he?
I may not be a delicate little flower like Lan, but I don't want to run this gang forever. Someday I want a husband. Maybe a little house. Kids, too.
He promised to marry you?
I don't believe you.
Bei never said anything about this.
The Great Southern Forest is vast, but we're within a day's journey of Tien's Landing. If you're weary, however, the Pilgrim's Rest Inn lies at the top of this hill.
Lord Yun's family has maintained it for centuries, although Lord Yun seems to care little for it. It is as if he is embarrased by it somehow.
To tell the truth, I really can't say why he is the way he is. Might be something to do with the Forest Shadow. You could always ask him.
We hunters think differently of the two Ways: the Open Palm and the Closed Fist. A hunter's life must be one of balance if one wishes to excel.
To kill without purpose is evil. But if you hunt to feed and clothe your family, you act with intent. The hunter uses discord to achieve harmony; all is in balance.
Balance is itself a choice. For a hunter it is vital. We must be in harmony with nature if we wish to stalk our prey, yet rely on discord to make the kill.
What else did you need?
Lord Yun is satisfied with what you have done. I can only hope the forest will recover.
Thank you again for all you have done.
Step safely. The ghosts grow more aggressive by the hour.
I suppose an emperor deserves a tomb like this if anyone does, but I'd prefer a simple memorial.
Perhaps, but Sun Hai did not have your amulet. Fortunately, you now see that, as a Spirit Monk, essence gems will serve you without it. It is a pathway, not a source of power.
This neglect is infuriating. This is the center of the Empire, yet they let it rot from the inside out.
Is this even... possible?
Don't underestimate him. Your master is just toying with you.
How would she feel about cannibals?
The Pilgrim's Rest was full of them. I have eliminated some, but there are more.
You'd rather not know.
Couldn't this all be her fault?
Would there be a reason she would attack someone from the inn?
That's all I need to know about the attack.
This'll be the end!
The Treasury
I have the crystal here.
If you had thought to go ask at the inn, you'd already have your crystal.
Do you have any idea where the crystal might be?
You've made yourself useful setting up the furnaces.
Diseased
What was strange about them?
Some sort of animal took the crystal?
Drain the Chi of the target.
I met a man from the inn on my way up here.
I have the missing crystal here.
It's safest if you get out of here, I agree.
You're running like a coward?
What needs to be done for this ritual?
That's all I need to know, I'll see what can be done.
I'm sure I can find a use for him.
So long as he does what he's told, he could prove useful.
He's a buffoon. Take him with you.
Stick with me and you'll see more than that.
Forget it. I honestly have no need of your services.
Come with me now. I could use your axes.
Make your way to Tien's Landing, and look for my other followers.
What supplies and training do you have available?
If you find your enemy is immune to a particular style, try switching to a style from a different school.\n
The bars in the upper left-hand corner of the screen show your Health (red), Chi (blue), and Focus (yellow).
Magic styles use up Chi (blue bar), while weapon styles use up Focus (yellow bar).
Press *cod7*Menu*cod8* to see more information about your character, fighting styles, journal, map, and other options.
What has your time as a hunter taught you about this forest?
Do you have any idea why this forest has grown ill?
Press the *cod7*ChiHeal*cod8* key to spend Chi and regain Health.
What's the story behind this temple?
Why would he be embarrassed about a temple?
I'd be embarrassed too, the structure is gaudy.
That's enough about the forest. You mentioned philosophy earlier?
What sort of philosophy would you contemplate here?
Push *cod7*FreeTarget*cod8* to enter Free Target mode. Push it again to exit.
A book icon on the left side of the screen indicates a new journal entry.\n
Wouldn't hunting be an evil act?
Switch targets by hitting *cod7*NextPage*cod8*.
I'm not sure I have the luxury of balance.
Pause the game in combat by pushing *cod7*CombatPause*cod8*. Push it again to unpause.
Once you have more than one follower, you can switch among them on the Followers screen in the Start menu.
Let's go back to my questions about the forest.
That's enough questions for now.
You seem tired, Dawn Star. Make sure you get some rest; our journey will only get longer, and you've been through a great deal.
Thank you, Zu. I'm fine. I will find time once we have set things right.
The *Black* Whirlwind, and I barely fit in that Spectacular Gnat of yours. It lists like a pregnant ox when I step in.
It is hardly his fault, you are well in excess of a normal person's size.
Hey, Zu, why exactly are you here? I can't quite figure you out. You're much more of a loner than any of the others.
And you are much more a rogue than you let on. We each have things we keep to ourselves. If I wanted you to know them, you wouldn't have to ask.
Dawn Star, that's a very fitting name for you. Bright, cheerful, and beautiful.
That's kind of you to say, Sky, but I fear it is rooted in something far darker.
Silver *cod7**cod9**cod8*
The flyer you took from Gao's men in Two Rivers proved as untrustworthy as its original owners. Pirates around the village of Tien's Landing seem to have similar devices, however, so it may be worth your time to try and seek them out.
Find a New Flyer
Hmmm... you're a princess, eh? You don't look like any nobility I've ever seen.
And what, pray tell, does nobility look like to a wine-soaked sot like you?
Wide-eyed and terror-stricken when I kick in their doors. But I guess that's why you live in a palace in the sky... not so easy to break those doors down.
What? I said she *wasn't* like the nobility I'm used to. Besides... if she wanted to be pampered, she wouldn't be here.\n
I'd like to know, er, Silk Fox, why do you go to the trouble to dress up like... that? As Princess, couldn't you just command that changes be made?\n
You can't understand. My place in the order of things is as much a cage as yours, but stepping down grants certain opportunities to influence that are unavailable to you.
What do you mean by that?
So... ah, Kang, how many iterations of your flyers did you make before settling on such a... safe design?
You dare resist?!
Die, filth!
The Imperial City must be somewhat bewildering to you, Dawn Star. If you need anything explained, I will be happy to assist you.
You are nothing!
My will prevails!
Your end is here!
Die now!
This will likely get me into trouble, but I have to ask. Is your wife really that bad, Hou? You must be... exaggerating to some degree, right?
I exaggerate nothing, but I will not discuss such things so close to my home here in the city. My watchful wife has habit of appearing when I least expect it.
It must be very difficult for you to bear such a burden, Wild Flower, to be so young and anchor such a creature. I can sense the turmoil within you.
Hmm... sometimes it's hard, but then the Guardian tells me it's all right, and it is! I try my best for him.
Kang! When will you fix your flying barrel to fit real people?
What is the problem, Whirlwind? \n
Be careful how you address the Emperor's daughter.
Your life is over!
I am restored!
You... you poisoned me?!
Your reluctance is well founded, Dawn Star.
I promised you I wouldn't be a distraction, but I have to say something.
You sicken me!
I want to talk about Gentle Breezes.
I want you to resign your post, Fang.
Your activities cost you your Imperial Ring.
Breezes gave me your Imperial Ring.
You're going to step down, Fang.
The Lotus Assassins want you out of the picture.
Give me a letter of resignation. Right now.
I'm proud to get a man like you out of office.
Your own perversions brought this on you.
Just give me your resignation.
You better go talk to Fang about that ring.
Yeah, we don't want any part of this.
Forget it! I won't go into details about what Fang did to the last guard he caught taking bribes, but restraints, starving dogs, and gravy on certain parts of the body were involved.
Fang watched the whole thing, laughing all the while. And when it was done, he went upstairs with Breezes for a little relaxation. Poor girl.
Thanks, champ. We appreciate it.
Okay. Good luck in your next fight.
Good idea. Come back next month. Fang might be taking appointments by then.
Wow, the Imperial Champion! Hey, it's a real honor to have you come up here but... uh... you're going to have to back up. Please.
Nothing personal, but we work for Fang and he doesn't want anyone blocking his view. He comes to watch the fights, not talk to the fighters.
Saw you out there in the ring. You got real potential. Even Fang was impressed.
But that doesn't mean he wants you blocking his view, so back up. He comes here to watch the fights, not talk to the fighters.
I guess he figures the more he talks to you, the less time you have to inflict horrible, bloody carnage on someone in the ring.
Normally Fang's into rough girls, but he likes them dirty, too. You're a bit too classy for his tastes. He'd rather watch you in the ring than have a more intimate meeting.
Whoa! Back up a bit there. Judge Fang doesn't like people blocking his view of the arena.
Yeah, you might make him miss out on seeing someone get their nose broken. Or their leg. Or even their skull.
He was just saying how there hasn't been a good skull fracture for at least a week. It's put him in a foul mood.
Even a pretty lady like you. You might make him miss out on someone getting their nose broken. Or their leg. Or even their skull.
Look, we already told you, Fang doesn't want to be bothered. He just wants to relax and watch the arena fights.
Yeah. If he doesn't get his daily fill of blood, violence, and gore, he'll be snarly all day. And he's hard enough to work for when he's in a good mood.
How did you get... no, forget it. I don't want to know.
I wouldn't call him sick and twisted. That's an insult to sick and twisted people everywhere. Fang's on a whole other level.
I never used to believe the stories, but now that I'm working for him, I can honestly say he's the most degenerate and perverted man in the whole Empire.
But he pays well. Very well. Enough so that we pretend not to see what's going on. Though I still feel bad for Breezes sometimes.
Gentle Breezes. She's Fang's... uh... concubine. She's over in the next room with the common folk. Fang doesn't like to be seen with her in public.
He doesn't mind her getting up close and personal when they're in private, though. The things she does for him...
Sometimes he makes us watch. Gives him an extra thrill, I guess, but I usually have to block out most of what they do. Breezes has got a stronger stomach than I do.
Not without an appointment. And his schedule's full for the next month. All the ministers are coming in from the outlying towns to make their reports.
If he's not meeting with a minister, he's relaxing here. Hoping to see somebody beaten to a quivering pulp in the ring, or maybe torn apart by one of the animals.
Yeah, that or he's taking a break with Breezes. Poor girl. No amount of silver is worth what she does for him.
I've got Fang's Imperial Ring.
Sounds like one sick and twisted man.
Who is Breezes?
Can I speak to Judge Fang?
Let me speak to Fang and I'll make it worth your while.
You have come from Tien's Landing?
You were? This is good. I was going there, but you're coming here instead.
There are many ghosts here. You have to be fast to get around them and quiet or they will hear you.
I come from the inn, the Pilgrim's Rest. You must take a message to the town for us!
Things are very bad. We starve! The ghosts cut us off from everything, but we are still up there. Tien's Landing must send people to help!
Ugh! This poor soul has been in the forest too long. He feels... wrong, just like the air here. It's disturbing.\n
He seems... simple, as well. I wonder if the horrors of this place have touched his mind.
Chai Ka: This one's mind seems... unbalanced.
Your end is here, mortal!
I've known a few fellows who sounded like this, and not one of them was right in the head.
If I had to guess, I'd say this mongrel's mind has collapsed on itself from being trapped in this ghost-infested place.
Many people should come to the inn to help us. They can't let us starve!
You would be welcome there. They would have you for a most fun stay!
The inn lies above, on the path to the right.
The temple? No! The temple is where the ghosts are worst. It is a bad place. You should not go there. You should go to the inn.
No, I should... I should return to the inn. They will want to know you are coming.
You should come with me. I can take the message down later, and you will be safe from the Forest Shadow and her ghosts!
She is a wicked fox spirit! They are tricksters, all of them. The tricks she plays kill now!
You should stay away from her. She hurts us when we leave the inn.
Oh yes, they must be. She hunts us, and these ghosts hunt you, right? Isn't that the same?
That can't be right. She is dangerous. You should go to the inn to be kept safe. That's the only way.
I will go back the way I came. Knowing that there are others here, I will be all right.
I must go back to the inn to tell them. You should follow! The path to the right, not the left. Left goes to the temple, and the Forest Shadow will kill you!
Come! The inn is this way!
Kang the Mad has locked the Temple Gate behind his party as a last line of defense if the mission to destroy the bridge proved to be unsuccessful.
Yes, I was in Tien's Landing.
Why are you wandering alone with so many ghosts around?
Where is this Pilgrim's Rest Inn?
I'm looking for a temple on the path above. Can you direct me?
I will escort you to Tien's Landing. You can take the message yourself.
I don't have time to baby-sit some simpleton. Make your own way.
Tell me more about the Forest Shadow.
These ghosts are the Forest Shadow's minions?
Others I've talked to seemed to think the Forest Shadow might be able to help.
I should keep moving. Will you be all right in this forest?
I've had about enough of you. Go where you wish.
You make a wise decision, thin-blood. Our people will prosper now that you have freed us from the fox. Take this scroll and study it when you have the chance.
As a final gift, we give you this... cook. He is useless to us; he shivers like a leaf in winter. Remove him before his weakness infects us.
Ha! That is why we like you! You are practically one of us, but for all that, your blood is still thin and watery!
Do you see those arms? That neck? No, there is no strength to be found in this one, not for us.
It is said that this one knows a secret: a style rarely seen in the Jade Empire. If nothing else, you may be able to extract it from him.
Now go. Leave us to our plans.
My people, this is the treachery of the thin-bloods! Gather, and we will show this fool our true strength!
Gaze upon our forms and bask in our glory! You should be honored to see the true strength of the cannibals!
Didn't see that coming. If they're as aggressive as they are ugly, then this will get bloody fast. The faster the better!
Chai Ka: Cannibals. Twisted servants of a greater demon. This explains the forest's corruption.
It's them! Their corruption is what I have been feeling in this forest. They are... vile!
I'm suddenly very glad I didn't order anything from the kitchen.
Under a demon's influence, men can twist into these things. They are cannibals, and we are in danger. Don't underestimate their strength!
I sense in you a kindred spirit. You know power for what it is: a tool to sweep aside those weaker than you.
Because of your nature, I wanted to work with you in the open. We are the powerful ones in this forest, and our majesty must spread!
We are sensitive to strength, and you are not like the meat out there. You speak with power and conviction. We can respect such strength.
Some part of you must have known that the Spirit did not detest us because we were weak humans! No, she feared our majesty!
Are you happy, now that you have the answer to your prying questions? No, of course not. You wish to know more. You are drawn to our majesty!
Intriguing, yes? Such power is hard to resist, is it not?
You know nothing of beauty. You know nothing at all!
How typical of the thin-blooded ones, to think that they can kill all that they do not understand.
You must understand that we are servants of a powerful demon known as the Mother, who has taught us to draw strength from human flesh!
The Forest Shadow imprisoned her millennia ago, but you have freed her! Our Mother will rise up and consume all who stand in her way.
Your kind is concerned with nothing more than silver and prizes. You are pathetic and weak willed.\n
Fine, human. You will have more than we agreed upon. We gathered the silver while you were off killing the Forest Shadow.
You think you can end a feud older than your petty Empire by destroying both sides?
Such foolish pride. With the fox dead, the Mother is free! She will consume all, and you will be first!
You have already killed the fox! This forest will only grow worse, no matter what you do.
The Mother is too strong for you. She will consume all who stand in her way, and you will be first!
The Forest Shadow imprisoned her millennia ago, but soon she will be free! You will help us with that, or you will die!
That makes two of us.
(Hiss.) Freaks! You are nothing but meat!
We have made you an offer. The bargain was vast amounts of your precious silver for the life of the Forest Shadow. Now we add your life to the deal, as well.\n
The fox holds the Mother trapped within the earth of this hill, but she can hold nothing with dying paws.\n
The dead walk the world, and the Mother can draw strength from them. That is how she reached out to us... told us of the new way.
The Mother grows stronger each day, but she is still trapped, and the Forest Shadow is not yet so weak as to be easily taken. She knows us instantly, so we have no surprise.
You are unknown. We cannot defeat her, but she cannot destroy us so easily, either. She will try to pour honey into your ears, beg for your help.
When her guard is down, then you will destroy her, and the Mother will be free!
She is a most powerful creature from a time when primal hunger ruled all of your kind. She has been trapped in this hill for centuries... trapped by the fox.
But as the dead grow restless, she feels their anger, their rage, and their hunger for release. They feed the Mother, and she grows strong as the ghosts flock to her.
She reached out to us. We are her children, and I am first among them!
She is the filthy fox spirit that imprisoned the Mother centuries before the Empire was born. Like all foxes, she is a trickster and thinks of herself as a judge of wrong and right.
She claimed this forest as hers, gloating over the imprisonment of the Mother, but she did not count on the ghosts filling her forest.
The Mother called to them, and their rage, their hunger for release, has restored much of her strength. The time of the fox is over!
We eat the flesh of your kind, and its energies make us strong! The Mother has beautified us in return for serving her.
What will it be? Do you value your life, or will you play the fool?
You just don't understand. You will!
You have made a very wise decision. I would suspect that you were lying to me, but only a fool would think to cross us.
Our offer stands firm. Go swiftly, and there may be even more than silver awaiting you.
Monsters? We are perfection! Allow us to demonstrate the truth!
Rend her flesh! Her screams should echo in the town below!
Tear him to pieces! We will feast tonight on those succulent flanks!
Where did you... Ahhhh! The Spirit! She is dead, and you are returned to us by the heavens themselves!
You have done us a great service, and soon we will feast... to celebrate.
Did she? Did she cry it out with her dying breath? Ha! The Forest Shadow is not so powerful.
Oh, and you shall have it. Yes, you shall have a most special reward.
She did deserve her death, and you... you deserve so much more.
I offer you a most unique chance. Look, and see the glory you have set free!
See us as we truly are!
You have a spirit to kill, do you not? We will know when she is dead, for the Mother will be free.
Go to the temple. Find a way to get her attention or track her down. Once you have her, tear her head from her shoulders.
Until you have succeeded, do not bother me unless you wish to lose an arm.
You know more than you need to, human.
Gather the cook and leave us before we grow hungry.
Leave before our hunger prompts us to have you for dinner.
I watched in awe as you dispatched those... things! Not many of your kind can deal with ghosts as easily as you did!\n
Yes, the ghosts are most dangerous. We are fortunate that they have not yet ventured inside the inn. It offers us some refuge.
What help could we offer to someone like you?
No, no, no, heavens no! You are a warrior, are you not? Bound by honor and given strength by training? Is that not the noblest of classes?
No apologies needed. These are stressful times for us all.
You are of a kind, aren't you? Clearly deserving of respect and consideration.
But I've forgotten myself. Welcome to the Pilgrim's Rest, traveler. I am the Keeper, as they call me.
You know what I like about private clubs? The tasteful decor.
The Tien's Landing teahouse has a reputation as a rough place. Should be entertaining.
Stranded sailors make for rich courtesans. At this rate, these ladies will own half the town before long.
Tell me, did you happen to come across one of us on your way up here? We sent him not long ago to search for help.
Oh, nothing that matters now. It was a fool's hope to think I might learn anything.
I am tasked with safeguarding any lands that I own, and this land is far from safe. To admit failure would be... unfortunate for my house.
It was the Forest Shadow! She has taken another from us!
Too far to jump. We'll have to find another way.
We are a long way from the Imperial City here. The tax collector's arms are only so long, you know.
There can be no other way. The Forest Shadow must die... to save us and cure this forest.
Gem of Pure Flame
Gem of Freezing
You must join us for dinner. You would be a most welcome addition!
The Mother? Nothing. Nothing at all. You should not speak nonsense when the Forest Shadow is still alive!
Did he? How... unfortunate. We should have tipped him into his own pot weeks ago!
You truly wish to know? Your mind will not rest until you have an answer?
You are lucky that I sense such great strength from you. Had you dealt with those ghosts out front with less efficiency, I would tear your throat out.
But, please, allow me to reveal all that you wish to see. Let me show you the truth!
We shall forget this moment, then, shall we? Do you wish to know anything else?
This is the mad fox's place. I shudder to dwell too long on the subject, but I will answer what I can.
The forest has been ailing for some time now, but things have been especially bad over the past month.
It has been most unpleasant for us. No new visitors grace our tables with their presence.
I do not know. Maybe the fox spirit that claims to protect this place has diseased it, or perhaps she is just too weak to fight another disease.
I don't care what happens to her, so long as my people... those of us at the inn, I mean, stay safe.
I have heard that the Pilgrim's Path stays open to the town of Tien's Landing.
One day, when the time is right, we shall make our way down there. Tien's Landing is full of so many people.
I do, as well. This forest is an uncomfortable topic for us all.
Many travelers know the name of the Pilgrim's Rest, and before long, so will many more.
It is an old name. The route you climbed used to be called the Pilgrim's Path, thanks largely to the temple near here, and other small shrines.
Here, at the hill's summit, the pilgrims would stay and contemplate what they had seen during their climb.\n
This place was known as the Pilgrim's Rest long before the inn was constructed.
Of course. This whole forest belongs to Lord Yun, does it not? He expects this place to pay him a *cod6*tribute.*cod6* He doesn't call it that, but we know the truth.
Mark me. Lord Yun will have his share of the proceeds from this place before long. His fair share.
Surviving? Simple. You can still find meat if you know where to look, and is meat not the heart of any good dish?
The sick trees and ghosts, yes, they keep us from the animals. You make a good point, but still, we saw this coming, did we not?
Of course, of course. Those are important for the blood, are they not? They keep it rich and fresh.
We have supplies. It always pays to be prepared.
There must be some way to trap the fox. We will find it somehow.
Hold! That's enough.
Follow through on your end of the deal, and we part in peace, keeper.
I'll take him off your hands.
He'll find a way to be useful to me, or he will die.
Keep and eat him. He's no use to either of us.
You've gathered the silver? Good, because I'm going to destroy you, as well.
My nature made you want to reveal yourself?
What magic allowed you to cloak yourself so?
Majesty? You are disgusting!
I don't know what you are, but you clearly need to die.
Do what you wish; I'm only here for my reward.
Knowing what you are, the price of my aid has just gone up.
This forest has seen enough meddling by demons and spirits. It's your turn to die.
I see I was wrong. Destroying you will be my atonement.
Why should I help you?
I'm having trouble feeling threatened by a group of freaks.
Why not do this yourself? Why do you need my help?
I'm still not sure why you're turning to me.
You admit that I am your superior?
Tell me more about the Mother.
What if I killed the Mother? Would that free you from this curse?
I have made my decision.
You must be destroyed. There's no other answer.
[Lie] I should go find the Spirit now.
I will aid you, but I expect to be repaid for my trouble.
You're flesh-eating cannibals! I will never aid you monsters.
The Spirit claimed she wasn't behind the ghosts in this forest.
Your celebrations be damned. I'm here for my reward.
Spirits have no place manipulating us. She deserved her death.
I'm surprised anyone's still alive up here.
It would have been easier with help.
My kind? You mean to offend me?
You meant no offense. I apologize for taking what was not there.
Grovel some more, and I might not kill you.
Don't ask me how I know, but there's trouble ahead.
We should move. There could be....
There's one there! Are they coming out of the walls? I'll go make sure they aren't trying to cut us off! You deal with the Mother!
It's funny how this cave felt less crowded before Whirlwind arrived. Wait, what's....
Where did that rascal come from? Those small tunnels in the walls? Look, you three go ahead and deal with *cod6*Mother.*cod6* I'll make sure we don't get completely cut off.
The man you sent to bring aid from Tien's Landing was killed.
The simpleton? He died at the hands of a fox spirit.
Chai Ka: There are more. Many many more.
Nice place here. Government officials get the best warehouses to sleep in.
If this place is still looking to collect what I owe them, there could be trouble.
If I had to live here for more than a day, I'd throw myself off the nearest cliff.
Where would a humble innkeeper get that kind of money?
Why are you so positive that she has to die?
The entire place is crumbling! Unless we want to be buried here, we'd better hurry!
It sounds like they were being cautious. Perhaps if you go ask them more specifically about the crystal, they'll realize that we're just here to help.
Tell me again how Drunken Master style works.
All signs point to the inn, and even if they didn't mention this missing crystal before, they will have to explain themselves if you confront them about it directly.
When I was at the inn, they talked about some plan they had to *cod6*deal*cod6* with the fox.
I'll go back to the inn and ask them about the missing crystal.
I'm not that easily beaten.
You... fight dirty!
What is the Mother?
The cook called you *cod6*twisted servants of the Mother.*cod6*
There's something wrong in this inn. What's really going on?
You're right. I'll find more answers in the forest than I will here.
Answer some questions for me about this area.
How long has the forest been like this?
What is causing the blight in the trees?
Do you know of any routes out of the forest?
I want to discuss another subject.
Tell me more about this inn.
How did this place earn its name?
Is this inn the property of Lord Yun?
With the forest in this state, how have you been surviving?
How can you hunt with the forest in its current state?
What of rice or vegetables? With no caravans, where do you find them?
I have to go and deal with this forest.
You left more destruction and shattered lives behind you than my wife shopping for a new hat!
I'm clearly going crazy, but I wanted to be here. This... thing, mother, whatever... it has to be destroyed.
Why did you bring the cook? The next time you want things slaughtered, bring me! It's what I do best.
Spear Catches Leaf told me to look after you while you were in this forest, so let's see what we can do about this *cod6*mother*cod6* thing. Sounds like you'll need all the help you can get.
There's no way you're going down there without us. I came here to help you deal with this... *cod6*Mother*cod6* thing. Spear Catches Leaf told me to look after you, so here I am.
Eh? It's not like they need any of that anymore! Eh-heh, feel some compassion for them, do you? Maybe you don't have what it takes to do my job.
Yes, well... it's obvious you two are fine on your own. I'll just wait here.
Oh no you don't! We'll all go together. Besides, I need you to keep the wine flowing. I'm always more dangerous when I'm drunk.
Well, there's no turning back now. Who knows how many more cannibals are down there? When you're ready, let's finish this Mother off.
Then you're no better than me! We both just do the best we can with what we're given, so let's just leave it at that.
He carried a piece of your amulet. It was separated, broken apart, so your enemies could not find it easily. You have the first piece. It trains your abilities now.
You are weak and impure! You cannot stop the Mother or her people! Die now!
Lies! You are not cannibal or changing like these new ones. You are food!
I'm the one who will stop this sickness from spreading.
The second piece fell here with its minder, hidden until waters receded. A guardian protects it, waiting to test and serve you. The third piece awaits discovery in a distant lair.
Don't mind me, I'm just passing through.
I am one of your kind!
This is a chance to isolate the leader of the troops! Death's Hand thinks that he and a group of Assassins will enter the temple unopposed, but I have a surprise.
I set traps... remember how I asked Kang for some of his explosive casks? The Assassins will be destroyed, and Death's Hand will be yours alone.
This should be fun. If there's enough of the little guys down there, this could be better than that time I stormed the Fortress of Seven Gates by myself!
Dragon Powder
You have come this far. Impressive.
The Water Dragon may wish for you to find her, but I will not lie down and die, even if your death dooms us all.
My death will free the Mother. You... fool.
Neither of us has time to waste, but there is time to talk.
You must destroy my ancient enemy, the Mother. She has infected the people of the inn with her magic and twisted them into monsters.\n
They infest the caves beneath the Pilgrim's Rest and will defend their mistress to the death.
If you're thinking to learn our tricks, you will be disappointed. I'll happily tell you more of my kind if you wish, though.
One of my kind might approach you as a wizened sage and ask for aid in studying an ancient artifact. Your response would determine the reaction.
You might expect this generosity to be rewarded, and many who think they are dealing with the fox take exactly this approach. They are fools.
To give without temperance encourages charlatans, liars, and thieves. Had you given that offer to me, I would have taken all you had to teach you a lesson.
Then you would be rewarded in some small way. Perhaps the artifact would be genuine, or the fox would offer you some information she had *cod6*learned*cod6* from the artifact.
Your response was proper, as you balanced your wealth with the *cod6*sage's*cod6* need, but did not do so foolishly.
As someone who had just come into more wealth than you could possibly need, you would be made to suffer in some way.
The fox has a nose for people's character, and we judge by their intentions as much as their actions.
No. Unlike many of my younger sisters, I am anchored to this place. More free to act upon your world than most spirits because of my connection to the trees.
The Mother is the dark balance to my lighter influence. You will find that most anchors are like that; the heavens maintain balance in all things.
It likely depends on what a fox has done to you. How easy to paint the persecutor as evil and the benefactor as good.
So long as we stay in our place, we foxes are merely servants of heaven. We fill a role few would envy.
Every class of spirit or demon is ordered by the Celestial Bureaucracy. We have our roles and powers, but we also have desires and personalities.
Some rebel against the will of heaven itself and follow their own hearts. Not all of those who do so are *cod6*evil*cod6* as you'd define it, but they are certainly defiant.
A most ancient tale, and one long forgotten by your kind. The Mother tried to corrupt this forest once before and failed, leaving herself weakened.
Chi +10*cod2**cod2*The Spirit Monks have long used the meditation wheels lining the entryway of Dirge's inner temple to aid their meditations. Three of the wheels spun freely during your meditations, and your spirit feels more in tune with your heritage as a result.
The natural order has been disrupted. There is much to say, but first, I was instructed to impart some very specific knowledge. Your Master was very clear.
Zu is an honorable man. Not a good man, perhaps, but an honorable one. Now, to your training; a brief description will reinforce in your mind the style you saw me use.
Certain lessons had to be withheld until you were ready for the attention they will bring. Sun Li taught me so that I would teach you. I must train you in Spirit Thief.
Magic and weapons tire you. Draw on them too much and you could be left defenseless. Spirit Thief restores your chi and focus, prolonging your ability to fight or ignore wounds.
It is especially useful when enemies are immune to basic martial attacks, when you *must* use magic or weapons. Spar with me. I was directed to test you personally.
Magic and weapons tire you. Draw on them too much and you could be left defenseless. Spirit Thief restores your chi, prolonging your ability to fight or ignore wounds.
Magic and weapons tire you. Draw on them too much and you could be left defenseless. Spirit Thief restores you, prolonging your ability to fight or ignore wounds.
It is time to continue your training, and I am honored to add to the basics that Sun Li instilled. A brief description should reinforce the style you saw me use.
Well done. You are quick to learn, as Sun Li said you would be. Speak with me in the Teahouse. We have much to discuss about your master, and how to find him.
Shall I send you to the portal back to my temple, or would you prefer to walk among these islands a bit longer?
Breathe deeply. You will find yourself in other places where the air is less pure soon enough.
Time is of the essence. Go safely.
What do I need to do to aid you again?
Can I ask you some things about fox spirits?
I keep hearing about the foxes' tricks. Can you give me an example?
Use Spirit Thief to restore yourself, then you can attack or heal yourself.
What if I offered as much money as the *cod6*sage*cod6* needed?
Suppose I gave the *cod6*sage*cod6* some funds and demanded results. What then?
If I turned this *cod6*sage*cod6* away, what would happen?
Are most of your kind tied to nature in some way?
Are fox spirits good or evil?
What about those who don't stay in their place?
Tell me about the history of your struggle with the Mother.
I am always ready to learn.
You presume to teach me?
Shouldn't we talk about the Water Dragon or rescuing Master Li?
Let's move on to something else.
I should go deal with the inn.
I will walk.
Send me back to the portal.
You know, it looks a lot smaller from the outside.
This is no way to treat an honored foe. A clean death is reward for a good fight lost.
That wasn't so hard. A shame we have to kill him, he was great at supplying us enemies!
This place is too pretty for my tastes. Where is the stench of old blood and young wine that should hang in the air like the ghost of yesterday's supper?
Now this place suits my tastes. This floor is no stranger to blood and bile.
I hope they serve more than just tea in there.
This place stinks of the dead... moldy, soggy, rust-up-my-axes dead.
What can I do for the arena's champion?
No, no! You have sided with the Spirit! We had thought her dead, but her stink is on you!
You will pay for your lies! You will suffer for your deception!
You fool! You do not know our true nature! You know nothing of the power we possess! Look upon us now, and see your doom!
This is what you have turned away from! And for what? A fox?
Do not feel bad, she is responsible for her own health and accidents in the ring can happen. I just pray that my decision to let the two of you spar has not crippled her.
Spirit Thief is very important. It does no damage, but transfers chi from the enemy to you. If you run out of chi, use spirit thief to restore your abilities. With Spirit Thief you can use magic styles or healing almost indefinitely!
Use Spirit Thief to drain all of Hui's chi, restoring your own!
If I'm lucky, I would lose my lands. If not, my life could very well be forfeit.
What did you need to know?
In the past, you could make your way out of Tien's Landing through a different path and travel along a highway to reach the city.
That route has been closed for some time now. Even if we cleared it, the forest and highway are plagued with spirits.
Even I had to make my way here using a flyer from the Imperial City. The land route is closed for all intents and purposes.
I certainly came here by flyer. It was the only way.
Pirate Guard
The trees began to blacken when the ghosts appeared. I'm certain the two are connected. What worries me is that the Forest Shadow may somehow be involved.
Once you gain a level, remember to press the *cod7*Menu*cod8* key to level your character up.
Nice job. I'd spit on Fang's corpse, but he's not worth the effort. Too bad about his guards, though. They really weren't that bad.
I... I appreciate this, you know. Fang was... he was evil. Pure evil. He kept me blinded with silver, and I just never realized how horrible my life was.
Well... that is a lot of silver. And I'd love to get out from under Fang's boot heel.
I'll help you. You wanted Fang dead, right?
It'd be easier to kill him. Fang's reputation is already as dirty as it can get. As long as it doesn't get in the way of his job, everybody just turns a blind eye.
Well, every document Judge Fang approves has to be stamped with his Imperial Ring. Losing the ring is a major offense.
And if it was revealed he lost the ring during one of his sexual escapades... even Fang wouldn't want that to come out.
What are you doing here, Breezes? You know I don't like it when people see us together in public.
Don't be mad, my mighty and manly Fang. I was just hoping we could go upstairs for a bit. I've got a treat for you. Here's a hint: they're silk.
I'm surprised you're so eager after last night. I'm glad to see you're finally becoming more receptive to my... special needs.
Well done, Breezes... if a little tame for my tastes. I think tonight you should wear the blindfold. I have some interesting surprises in store for you.
I... I can hardly wait, oh great and virile Fang.
Here's the ring. Fang will do anything to keep people from finding out he lost it to a whore... even if it means resigning his post.
Show the ring to his guards and they'll let you through. I better disappear for a while, but make sure you tell him where you got it. He'll be sorry he ever touched me!
Good, that's what I like to hear. But we can't do it here in front of everyone. We need someplace more private. Like the animal pens down below.
An exotic locale should excite him. I'll lure him down there, then you follow.\n
If you're lucky, the guards won't notice you slip down after us, but I don't know. Those men are well paid to look after Fang.
Breezes, I'm surprised. I thought you'd be avoiding me after last night. You didn't seem to enjoy it very much.
Uh... no, great and mighty Fang. I... I liked it. In fact, I was hoping we could try it again. Right now. Down below.
In the animal pens? Oh, Breezes... you are such a filthy girl!
Fang, hold on a moment. I have a special surprise for you.
How unexpected, Breezes. You're not usually the type to come up with new activities for us. What sort of filthy thing do you have in mind down here?
You like pain, so you should love this, Fang! I've brought you someone who's going to make sure you suffer for what you've done to me!
Hey, what are you doing down here? What's going on?
Attack, you fools! The whore has led us into a trap!
Don't worry about that. One thing I've learned from my time with Fang is how to block things out.
Judge Fang won't like it, but the worst he can do is rough me up a little tonight. The bastard might do that anyway... or make me rough him up. Sometimes that's worse.
I hate him! He's a vile, repulsive deviant! He likes to hurt. When things are bad, a man like that leaves scars. Emotional and physical.
Look, I've been around. I know people do strange and disturbing things behind locked doors. But nothing like this.
There's no act too brutal or shameful for Judge Fang. He's into all sorts of things, and he's no stranger to pain. I know that all too well.
I've thought about quitting. Every night. But I heard what happened to the last girl who tried to leave Fang. He's not the kind of man you just walk away from.
He... he sees me as a possession. *His* possession. He's not just going to let me go. He's got the wealth and power to find me wherever I run.
I'm stuck with Judge Fang until he's tired of me. I've come to accept that. It's a hard, grim fact, but at least he pays well.
Go ahead. It's not like I'm going to tell you anything that isn't common knowledge.
Fang's head of the Ministry of Harmony, so he controls taxes and executions across the Empire. That makes him a very rich and powerful man.
Even the Lotus Assassins are wary of Judge Fang. Probably because they know he's just as vile and corrupt as they are. All the rumors about him are true.
He's the most infamous degenerate in the Imperial City... and I work for him.
Good, let me rest. I've got a feeling I'm in for a long night tonight.
Now that he's dead, I finally realize what I have become... what he made me. I just... I just hope I can put all this behind me.
Yeah, you're right. I think... I think things are going to work out. Thank you.
Once a whore, always a whore, is that it? You're nothing but a heartless bastard! You're no better than Fang!
Don't judge me! If you were starving on the street, you'd sell your body just like I had to! You're no better than I am, you heartless bitch!
What? No... you can't kill me. Not now. Not when I'm finally free of Fang! No... no!
I'm not really in the mood for company. Judge Fang wanted to try something special last night, and I still haven't quite recovered yet.
Sorry, big boy. I'm not open for business. Judge Fang's got me on his payroll, and he doesn't like me taking customers on the side.
Forget it, lady. I stick with male clients, and right now I'm on Judge Fang's payroll. He doesn't like me branching out to make money on the side.
Unless you're into something twisted. Then he might want to watch. Fang's always looking for some new perversion to make his little soldier stand at attention.
My name is Gentle Breezes, but everyone just calls me Breezes now. I guess you lose your gentle side when you spend too many nights with Judge Fang.
Fang's my... benefactor, if you know what I mean. I do all the things that make him happy. Filthy, nasty things. But at least that sick bastard pays well.
Judge Fang's the head of the Ministry of Harmony. He's sitting in the next room with his guards. Likes to come and watch the arena fights.
The blood and beatings in the ring get his fever burning for later. Sometimes that bastard takes it out on me. Other times he makes me take it out on him.
He doesn't seem to care either way. There are few things more twisted than Judge Fang's idea of a fun night.
Get rid of him? What do you mean? Remove him from office or... something else?
Really? I was hoping you wanted to kill him. The world would be a better place with that disgusting pig dead and buried!
Good! I hate that disgusting pig. Nobody knows the depths of his perversions better than I. The world will be a better place when he's dead and buried.\n
But as much as I want to see his bloated corpse floating in the gutter... Fang is a dangerous man and he keeps my pockets lined with silver.
I hope Fang gets what he deserves, but you'll have to do it without my help.
[Success] It would be nice to get rid of him. No more debasing myself for that repulsive toad.
[Failure] No. Even if I was willing to give up all that silver, if Fang finds out, he'll make sure I spend the rest of my days begging for death. It's not worth the risk.
[Success] You're right. He's treated me worse than a dog. It's time he learned I'm still strong enough to stand up to him!
[Success] Don't... don't hurt me. Fang's already hurt me too many times and I won't let him hurt me again!
[Failure] You think threats will work on me? You obviously don't know the depths of Fang's creativity.
[Intimidation] Help me with Fang, and I won't break your legs.
Here's nine hundred silver if you help me.
No. I just want to ruin him.
There's got to be some way to bring him down.
Bring me the ring and I'll blackmail him into resigning.
Let's just kill him.
Yes. I want him dead.
Don't worry about the guards. I can handle them.
Lure him down there. I'll follow you.
Some enemies are so powerful that they are immune to certain types of attacks. If an enemy seems immune to the style you're using, try switching to a different type of style (Martial, Support, Weapon, Magic, or Transformation).
Fine. Forget I said anything.
You don't like Fang much, do you?
Why do you work for him?
Tell me more about Judge Fang.
The past is behind you. You've got a fresh start now.
Right. You'll bed the next guy who flashes a few coins at you.
Sorry, but I don't leave witnesses behind.
Who is Judge Fang?
I want you to help me get rid of Fang.
I want to ruin his career.
I want him dead.
[Intuition] With Fang gone you can finally be free.
[Charm] Fang has to pay for how he's treated you.
I... I think we should go back to the Temple. And quickly, before those flyers drop more Lotus Assassins.
What were you saying before about the forest?
You hear things?
I already know the forest is haunted.
To Swamp Cave
Swamp Bridge
Ahhhhhhh!
Haha! This is a *good* fight! More!
That almost hurt! You're going to regret that!
Is this supposed to be a challenge?
Keep it away from me!
Kill it! Kill it!
Is that it? Is that it? You call that a punch?
Oh, I know you didn't aim that kick at me!
I... I'm sorry. I had no choice. He.. he promised me my daughter back if I helped him, and you... you are no better than those we fight.
That name... means nothing. I am the will of the Emperor. I am Death's Hand. Sun Li commands that you die. I must obey.
Good, you are here. The trap is set, the signal sent. It's all up to you now.
He's an arrogant one. I doubt he'd consider the possibility that my loyalty to you would be stronger than my fear of him. The bell was the signal. He'll be here.
Thank you for this opportunity, by the way. I could never face Death's Hand myself, but I want to make him pay for thinking I would be so weak.
Standing Stones
Ruined Gazebo
Very good, Sky, you have proven a useful tool.
Guess again, you slab of rot.
Trap? Signal? Have I forgotten something?
To Swamp
Toad Cave
Sky! What have you done!
I am reborn again and again. I am the will of the Emperor. I am Death's Hand. Sun Li commands that you die. I must obey.
Your allies are not as strong as you thought, and neither are you. My master tires of your resistance.
Blocked Tunnel
The will of the master guides me. The strength of the dragon empowers me. I cannot be defeated. I must obey.
You know nothing about me, about what I endure. Your fists will not defeat me. Not while I must obey.
Your master is not here. What do you want, Prince Kin?
Then fight as you must, but you will not defeat me.
Ogre Cave
I have lost too much to you and your master. No more!
You are a shell, a shadow. Let us see how fearsome you are!
Didn't I leave you buried in the dirt somewhere?
I don't fear you. All you can do is kill me, and I've already been there.
Oh, I don't know. They're good with knots.
Coming from you, that's a tempting offer. I'm a fool to turn you down, but I think what I've come here to do is something I must do alone.
Do not expect any help from the Lotus Assassins with this task. You will have to prove you can succeed on your own before we will even consider you for our organization.
There will be no questions. I have already given you all the information you need to succeed. Now you are on your own.
Perhaps, perhaps not. In any case, I wish you luck in your endeavor.
Remember, don't let Sheng give his report to Judge Fang. We will be watching you from afar. Once you have completed your task, I will meet you back here.
You know, far be it from me to presume, but I have an idea of how we might be able to solve this problem.
My glorious wife's third cousin is a minor official in the Ministry of Harmony. I know a little something of the way Judge Fang conducts his business.
Yes, of course, I do not mean to incur your wrath but... it's only that I know something of the way the Ministry of Harmony does business.
All of Fang's ministers bring him an honor gift when they go to see him... an offering given as a sign of respect. A... a bribe, some might call it.
If we replace Sheng's honor gift with something insulting--rare turtle eggs, for example--Fang would be so outraged he'd refuse to even listen to Sheng's report!
It's true. A gift of turtle eggs would be as insulting as a box of manure. Even more so because they are so difficult to track down, whereas manure is somewhat common.
That is the beauty of what Sun Hai has done. He has taken the raw material of the Empire and extracted something useful.
I admit there are still some details yet to be worked out, but acquiring the eggs is easy. I have some here that you can simply have.
We should just kill Sheng. Nice and simple. Kill his guards, too.
Yes. And while we're at it, we could kill Fang. And his guards, too. Unleash rivers of blood in the streets, all in the service of the Lotus Assassins!
Now that is how you interrupt the bureaucratic process! I'm all for it!
I am no coward, but there is already more blood on my hands than I can ever wash clean. You know this.
I have no plan for you... no easy answer. But working with the Lotus Assassins is a bad idea. No good can ever come of it.
We really don't have any choice, Zu. It's the only way we'll ever rescue Master Li. But I don't like the idea of causing trouble for Sheng.
Maybe you're right, Dawn Star. I just hope that in the end we don't sacrifice everything for the sake of one man, even if he is your... your beloved Master Li.
My spies tell me that Judge Fang has resigned. Is this true?
However, you did take the shortest path to accomplish your goal. Killing Sheng is a task more suited to a back-alley thug than an Inquisitor.
I've been out spying on the Lotus Assassins. We're trying to draw their attention, and I wanted to see if it was working.
I'm happy to report our bait has snagged a fish. The Inquisitors have taken notice of us. In fact, one of their representatives is on his way here now.
You were spying on an Inquisitor, and he didn't notice you? Impossible! What's really going on, Sky? Where were you?
It's like I told you before: I was spying on the Lotus Assassins. At great personal risk, I might add! Instead of interrogating me, you could show me some gratitude.
The Inquisitors are masters of espionage and intrigue, Sky. They would have seen you tailing them. They would have seen you and killed you!
You underestimate me. I can be quite invisible when necessary. I followed the Inquisitor for some time without him being aware of my presence.
Then I slipped away and rushed on ahead to warn you he was coming. I didn't want him to catch us in the middle of anything incriminating... like this argument.
But your point is well taken. You have shown some inkling of promise merely by drawing our attention... but that alone is hardly proof of your worth.
Obviously we require some type of test, some proof of loyalty before any can join. You must prove yourself useful to us before we will even consider you.
Such confidence must be the mark of great skill... or foolish bravado. Rest assured, we will determine which in due course.\n
There is a small problem I intended to deal with. A minor annoyance, but one that should prove a good test of your value to our organization.
Judge Fang of the Ministry of Harmony has made a habit of openly defying our order. In the past we have tolerated him, as few pay his accusations any heed.
Judge Fang has a rather... unsavory... reputation. Because of his degenerate appetites, most have dismissed his warnings out of hand. Until now.
A certain Minister named Sheng is coming to make his annual report. Sheng has information about certain... activities... of our group we wish to keep from the public.
If Judge Fang learns of these activities from Sheng's report, he may have enough evidence to cause real problems for us. We would have to take drastic action.
I'll pass any test you dream up!
So what's changed?
Why bother with him, then?
You want me to kill Sheng?
You want me to kill Judge Fang?
You want me to steal that report?
What do you want me to do?
I will not fail you.
Wait, I have some questions.
This will be easy.
What's your plan?
Forget it.
Turtle eggs? Are you serious?
Where are we going to find turtle eggs?
I'll keep that in mind.
But through all this, a threat remained: a traitorous sibling and a hidden protege. We did not know a face or a name, but we knew what they would need.
That's a stupid plan.
I think Zu was being sarcastic.
So what's your plan, Zu?
What's the matter, Zu? Scared of a little blood?
Her name, they said, was a testament to her ability to move between the trees in utter silence, observing all that happened in this place without ever being detected.
A good question. Where did you go, Sky?
Relax. Sky told us where he was.
Knock it off! The Inquisitor could be here any minute.
Watch and learn.
He's right. Just drop it.
This isn't over, Sky.
Enough. I think I hear someone coming.
How can I prove my worth, honorable Master?
The Lotus Assassins don't want Fang to see that report.
What are you suggesting?
Let's go. I'm sure Hou can make his way back to Tien's Landing. Even if there's more cannibals about, he's too skinny to eat.
The Golden Way
You should really make your way out of this place. This once lovely forest is lost, I think. The ghosts have made it unfit for the rest of us.
Help me? That's certainly a kind offer, but I'm not sure that anyone....
I would highly recommend that course of action. This place is not safe, even for one of your considerable skills.
Wait a moment. You don't look like a pilgrim or one of the poor folk trying to escape Tien's Landing. Would it be out of line to inquire as to what brought you here?
Lotus Assassins? You have picked a dangerous quarry. Compounding the problem, they likely took him to the Imperial City.
The Imperial City, is it? How interesting. You find yourself in a tricky predicament. There are few ways to reach the capital from here. Air would be your best bet.
Trust me when I say that there is no safe land route to the north. This path is barely passable, and the forest is crawling with ghosts.\n
Even caravans employing skilled warriors have been forced to turn back under these ghosts' assaults. I could only reach Tien's Landing by using my flyer.
The new supplies and men that are being gathered were going to be used to restore the highway.
The same power that held the outer gates shut keeps these locked, as well. We must restore the nearby fountain to open them.
Never trust a thief. You think they're on your side, but they'll slit your throat and take your silver.
Now *that* was a fight! I hope there's more where those came from.
Ah, treasure! My one true love... other than wine... and killing... and so on.
Here is the source as she was laid open. She is a trophy representing all that we accomplished. Her power bleeds to feed an Empire.
Brother Li awaits. The first battle was to test your resolve and abilities. He is ever the Glorious Strategist.
I can't believe they've moved so quickly. We need your weapon. Gujin will be in his shop north of the main stairs.
I can hear fighting to the east! We have to push these bandits back off the beach!
There's something... not right. This place feels all wrong. The forest is the same, but it's stronger here.
This is nightmarish... we have to finish this any way we can.
The forest had a mournful feeling to it, but there's none of that here. If this is the Forest Shadow's home, she can't be behind the sickness in the trees.
Look at this place... so many people. This truly is the heart of the Empire.
The busy streets are almost overwhelming. It is hard to keep focused on what we need to do.
Is... is this a school? It is so much bigger than what we had in Two Rivers.
Shouldn't visiting ministers have more... dignified accommodations?
This... this cannot be! Is it really possible? I... I sense the mark of the Water Dragon upon you. You have returned!
You don't recognize me? No, of course not. You were just an infant when you were taken from us.
I am the spirit of Abbot Song, slain many years ago by the Glorious Strategist. Before my death, I was the head of the Spirit Monk order... your order.
Master Li? He is Sun Li the traitor! How out of balance the world has become when one of our order believes Sun Li to be his Master!
I am. I was. But I only led them to defeat and destruction. I failed in my duty to protect the Water Dragon... a duty I would one day have passed to you.
Yes, this is Dirge, once the home of the Spirit Monks, a holy order devoted to serving the Water Dragon... now reduced to tainted ruins.
You are a Spirit Monk, born here in Dirge and cleansed in the sacred fountains. You were an infant the day the Emperor and Sun Li attacked our monastery.
I tried to save you from the slaughter, only to lose you to Li when he ripped you from the arms of your dying guardian.
I can only imagine what lies and distortions he told you about Dirge, your heritage, and his own role in events here. But now, you deserve to hear the truth.
Thirty years ago, the Long Drought struck the land. For a decade, crops withered and died. Starving people across the Empire demanded that something be done.
Despite his position, Emperor Sun Hai could not alter the natural order. He demanded that his brother, the Glorious Strategist, concoct a plan to rectify this insult.
These three pieces are physical, but there is one more. It cannot be found, only earned. This final piece is all that will save you in the end.
The soldiers of the Imperial Army swarmed over us, too many to count. My Spirit Monks fought bravely, but I knew the battle was lost.
Rubble 1
Portal
The Land of Spirits
The Abbot knows of a gem of power located in the western section of the inner courtyard, near the old residences. You will need it to confront the strange presence that now corrupts Dirge. It is likely guarded by many spirits, but the benefits outweigh the risks.
Gem of Power
Find the Abbot in Dirge
Find Abbot Song in Dirge and seek his help.
The Water Dragon confirmed Master Li's betrayal. He used you to acquire the power he and his brother stole. In the gap between Sun Hai's death and Sun Li claiming power, the Water Dragon was able to bring your spirit to Dirge. You must try to find Abbot Song, one of the Spirit Monks trapped in Dirge. He will help restore the Water Dragon to the point where she can restore you to life.
Restore the Fountains of Dirge
Find and destroy the guardians, and restore each of the fountains.
Abbot Song has joined you. He told of how the fountains of Dirge were corrupted by his fellow monks, allowing Sun Li and the Emperor to overrun the temple. You must defeat the guardians and then restore each of the fountains. This will restore some of the Water Dragon's power so she can restore you to life.
The guardian of this fountain is destroyed... and I weep for her. She was once one of our order, but, lured by Li's promises of wealth and power, she betrayed us.
This... thing... is the corrupted spirit of Xian Wu. During the attack, she and several other Spirit Monks betrayed us by tainting the holy fountains with human blood.
The seals on the fountains were broken, and the Water Dragon was crippled. If not for this betrayal, Dirge would never have fallen. Li must have known this.
Long before the attack, Li sent spies to bribe some of our... weaker members. When they tainted the fountains, the power sustaining us against the army vanished.
Xian Wu's betrayal is... a great shame. I knew her well and considered her a friend. I never imagined she could turn on me like this.
We Spirit Monks are guided by honor and duty; these values are ingrained in us from birth. I never imagined one of our own could betray us.
After the battle, the Emperor executed Xian Wu and the others, and he used the power of the Water Dragon to bind their spirits to the fountains.
Their crime was terrible, but they did not deserve this fate. They suffered endless torment from which they could never escape. Such is the power of the binding.
The binding is a sacred ritual of the Spirit Monks. We can draw on the power of the Water Dragon to bind a spirit to us. It is one of our tools for shepherding the dead.
Even before Dirge was befouled, there were ghosts in the world. Some spirits would become lost in their journey here or refuse to let go of the mortal world and go mad.
If we found one of these restless ghosts, we could bind it to us and bring it to Dirge. Then we would release the spirit so the Water Dragon could lead it into the afterlife.
The binding is a great gift from the Water Dragon, if used properly. But the power can be abused. The Emperor bound the traitors not to himself, but to a place.
A spirit can never escape such a binding. It feels an inexorable pull, but it has nowhere to go. It feels a compulsion to obey, but it is never given a command.
The spirit twists and corrupts, and in its agony, it goes mad. Binding a spirit to a place is a terrible crime for our order. The only thing worse is binding a living creature.
Binding the living condemns them to a fate worse than death. It forces the subject to obey and robs them of their free will. As a Spirit Monk, you must never do such a thing.
The ability to bind spirits comes from the essence of the Water Dragon inside you. You may not have the power now, but one day you will be able to call upon it when needed.
But this is not the time for lessons or instruction. The guardian is dead, but you must place the seal on the fountain for it to be fully restored.
You have nothing to fear here. Though many dangerous beings dwell in Dirge, these monks and soldiers cannot harm you.
The monks and soldiers who fell during the battle are trapped here in Dirge, caught in a never-ending war. They fight, they fall, only to rise and fall again.
I have tried to help my brethren in this battle, but they neither see nor hear me. I cannot aid or lead them. Even in death, I fail them... just as I did in life.
I cannot say. Perhaps because I was the abbot of this monastery. Or maybe because of my death and what happened shortly after.
I made many mistakes during the attack. I was not prepared for the treachery from within, and it led to our downfall. Even after my death, I made poor choices.
Li cut me down on the steps of the temple. My body fell, and my spirit rose. Powerless, I fled toward the outer courtyard while the battle still raged.
I wanted to see if you had escaped. Instead, I saw Li take you... and I found myself trapped out here. The Emperor had sealed the gates behind me.
My spirit cannot leave Dirge. None of the spirits here can leave. For twenty years I have been trapped in the outer courtyard, unable to pass through the gates.
Maybe if I had been inside, I could have saved the Spirit Monks from this endless war. Or maybe I would have been caught up in it with them. I cannot say.
My hope is that the restoration of the fountain will allow the gates to open. Perhaps inside we can find a way to restore Dirge and free my brethren from this curse.
I cannot say what fate lies ahead. But after twenty years, your return gives me reason to hope once more.\n
Li has trained you in his own image: selfish and oblivious to the suffering of others. Yet I know the Water Dragon believes in you, and I will not lose hope. Not now.
The second fountain is here, but the seal is missing! This could only be possible if the guardian bound to this fountain has been destroyed.
This is... troubling. I feel a foul taint here. Something worse than the corruption of the Emperor. Something older... something not of this realm.
The guardians were powerful beings. Whatever destroyed them must be even stronger... perhaps some monstrosity drawn to this realm by the corruption of Dirge.
Bravery often comes from ignorance. If I am afraid, it is only because I know enough to realize what we may be up against.
There are unnamed things barred from entering both the mortal world and the spirit realm. But with the Water Dragon gone, such a being may have crossed into Dirge.
Such a creature would be drawn to the corruption of the fountain. It must have destroyed the guardian and hidden the seal so the fountain could never be restored.
The creature would not go far... wait! Do you feel that? Something is coming.
Yes? Is there something you need?
Yes? Is there something you need? I will gladly do all that I can to help you restore the fountains of Dirge.
The fountains were tainted with human blood, which shattered their seals. The blood that stained them is gone. Replacing the seals should restore them.
Only that you should do as the Water Dragon asked and try to restore the fountains of Dirge.
I know the monastery well. If there are questions you wish to ask in your quest to restore the fountains, I will do my best to answer them.
The amulet is an artifact of great power, though few truly understand its nature. What do you wish to know?
The amulet is a powerful tool, but it is only a tool. When you were first learning to unleash the power within you, the amulet helped you to focus your mind and energy.
But you are a Spirit Monk. The power of the Water Dragon was always in you, not in the amulet. Now you are strong enough to draw on that power without the amulet.
You no longer need the amulet, but Li has a use for it. Li's brother Sun Hai consumed the Water Dragon's power, but without the amulet it was a long and slow process.
Even after twenty years, he was not strong enough to defeat you. Had the Lotus Assassins brought him enough pieces of the amulet, he would have been far more powerful.
But Sun Li has the amulet, making him far more dangerous. With it, he can draw on the Water Dragon's power much faster. Unless you stop him soon, he will become invincible.
I did not want the amulet to fall into the hands of our enemy. When I realized the battle was lost, I shattered it into several pieces.
I gave the pieces to my apprentices and told them to flee to the farthest reaches of the Empire. The core of the amulet was given to the young monk who fled with you.
I knew the core alone would be enough for you to start discovering your true power, but anyone else would need to find all the pieces to use the amulet.
I will do my best to answer whatever questions you might have.
I would be honored to help you learn more about our order and your legacy.
I will try my best to explain the glorious mysteries of the god we serve.
You are probably right. We must restore the Water Dragon's power before Sun Li gains full command of her powers.
There is no way through the gates. The Emperor sealed them twenty years ago. Now they keep me from entering my own monastery.
If we can restore the fountain, the gates may open for us.
You must restore the fountain before these doors will open.
Remember Jing Woo back in Two Rivers? He talked of fighting in the Imperial Arena one day. He would have done well.
This city has so many wonders. I never dreamed of such a place.
Easy there. You fell flat on your face after the fight. Are you prone to that sort of thing?
[The statue erupts in a loud burst of energy. Clearly you have done something momentous. You feel different.]
They're quite common around the Imperial City. The trick is to obtain a wind map that allows you to navigate the air currents over large distances.
Acquiring that chart was a hard fought battle, I can assure you. The Lotus Assassins keep a tight rein on those precious documents.
Indeed, though you would also need a flyer with enough fuel to manage the trip. Those are in precious short supply in this area of the Empire.
Then again, you seem resourceful, and I believe resourceful people find ways to get things done.
Perhaps you could get something done for me. If so, I might be persuaded to foolishly risk the Lotus Assassins' wrath by making a copy of one of their precious maps.
The only flyers I know of in this region are flown by a group of pirates near Tien's Landing.
I'm not sure where they get the resources to make raids from the air, but I am quite sure that they'd object if you tried to borrow one of their airships.
Someone in Tien's Landing probably knows more about them. Perhaps that Minister... Sheng, is it? He must at least be aware of their activities.
You clearly don't understand the value of a wind map. I don't have it on me in this rough camp.
If you take that map, and I cannot return it to the Assassins, I'm a dead man already. Threaten me if you will; I prefer a quick death to what they would do to me.\n
I am willing to risk a copy because we share the blame, and you would have as much to lose as I, were the assassins to learn of this arrangement.
The deal is simple. Find out why my land sickens--why it is home to so many ghosts--and you will have your map.
No bartering, no record of this discussion. A simple agreement between a Lord and a highly skilled woman.
No negotiation, no contracts to sign, just an agreement between gentlemen.
Then you are out one very precious map. Unless my luck changes, then I am also out one forest. You may as well hear the tale of this place before you refuse.
Two things threaten the entire length and breadth of this forest: The trees blacken with disease, and ghosts flock to this place like no other in the Empire.
I suspect that these things are related and, more importantly, that they're related to a fox called the Forest Shadow.
She is a powerful being, one my father considered the guardian of this forest.
If this place is filled with ghosts, then I suspect that it is either because of or in spite of her.
Just that. She is a fox spirit, and thus one of heaven's tricksters. The fox can take on the forms of men and women and will often do so to test us.
Personally, I don't think they have any right to deceive us, but my father felt that our family's good fortune came from just such a test passed long ago by an ancestor.
Some sort of ancient alliance, in which she was guardian of the forest while we owned the land in the world of men.
She is a powerful spirit that has long been an ally of my family. Personally, I've had little to do with her.
My father and his father before him, however, felt strongly that she should be revered. They considered her the true guardian of this forest.
No one really knows. It's out of character for a fox spirit, that I can assure you. They normally test men's worth and pass judgment.
At first I wondered if this disease and these ghosts are a test for me, but that doesn't feel right. Not like this.
I think something is wrong with the Forest Shadow, and I want you to find her and figure out what is happening. Once we know that, we'll have a clear idea of what we face.
A noble sentiment, but when I look upon these trees, I'm afraid that you may have to destroy her. See what you can learn first. Then we will act if it is necessary.
I would prefer not, but if it is necessary, do what you think is right. She has been an ally to my family in the past, but I do not hold with the worship of tricksters.
Make your way up this ancient trail, and when you come to a fork, take the left path. That will lead you to a temple built long ago in the Forest Shadow's honor.
If we can stop the bandits quickly, we can keep everyone safe.\n
I... do not like this place. Even compared to the rest of the Necropolis this is a dark and troubled place.
I sense so much pain here; it is almost overwhelming. Whatever they do here is monstrous.
This... this cannot be. How can this be allowed?
It's... almost over. I don't think there's anything left in the Empire for us to battle through.
Everyone was so scared, and I still am. That sorcerer seemed far too interested in you and Master Li.
No... it's all gone. Why did Gao's father do this? Why are his men here?
The school... everything is gone. Quickly, there have to be survivors! They can't all have fallen. They can't!\n
A second floor? I'm surprised a town this small can support such a large teahouse.
Be careful in here. I don't relish the idea of fighting my way out of this place.
This teahouse must be popular. It seems like quite a prominent structure.
These docks remind me of the fishermen in Two Rivers. A shame we will never see them again.
There is something dangerous beyond these gates. The spirits here are... troubled.
There is much suffering in this quarry. So many lives lost.
This must be the guardian the Lotus Assassin spoke of.
Water has covered old Tien's Landing once again, but there is much it will not wash away.
Be careful in here. This could be a trap.
Look at that flyer... it's beautiful. The Marvelous Dragonfly is the perfect name.
This forest is so troubled. We were well-sheltered in Two Rivers to not see any of this.
Remind me again why I encouraged you to fight these cannibals? My wife's right, I am a shortsighted fool.
No other place in the Empire can compare to the Imperial City. I love the peaceful bustle of commerce... and the absence of my wife.
Ah, the smell of success. My sweet lily would prefer that *I* smell of sweat and yeast, instead.
The garden is a beautiful place, but there's only a title's difference between a scholar and a fool who won't shut up.
It's times like this when the thought of seeing my wife again actually gives me hope.
Somehow I always pictured the golems being pieced together... like a puzzle.
Jia seems like a reasonable woman. Of course, I only have my wife as a comparison.
They say spirits can sense your fear. I fear they knew I was coming before we left the city.
I know I've said this before... but this time I really do have a bad feeling about this.
No man alive was meant to see this... or would want to.
What are you waiting for? Kill him quickly, or we'll all be dead.
Are you Abbot Song?
Stay back, spirit!
The Glorious Strategist? You mean Master Li?
So you're the leader of the Spirit Monks?
Where am I? Is this Dirge?
No... that's not true. Master Li rescued me.
Li claimed he was the one who saved me.
I guess my whole life has been a lie.
In the what? Your Master taught you some interesting things. Come on, we need to move our camp somewhere that no ghosts attack.
You saw a vision? Strange that I could not make it out. Strong spirits are usually quite clear to me. Please tell me if you have any more.
Ah, you found your way. Good. I decided there wasn't much point in staying with the flyer. It's not going to get much worse, in my opinion.
Very well. Where you choose to take a nap is your business.
I... I guess we should. I just wish I knew what was going on.
What happened when they attacked Dirge?
How did he defeat Water Dragon?
The Emperor must have been mad to think this was acceptable.
Confront the Minion of Suffering
Find the Minion of Suffering and confront him.
The corruption of Dirge has allowed something malevolent to take up residence in the temple. The Minion of Suffering awaits you in the cave to the east. You must find and destroy the creature to regain the missing seal that will restore the second fountain. Once Dirge is restored the Water Dragon can restore you to life.
Destroy the Abomination in the Temple
Go to the temple and confront the Abomination that resides there.
The way to the temple courtyard is open. Enter the temple and confront the Abomination that has corrupted Dirge. When this malevolent presence is purged, the Water Dragon will have enough power to restore you to life.
Dirge is restored, the Spirit Monks have been freed from their bonds, and the Water Dragon has restored your physical form. Sun Li awaits you.
Find the Gem
Search in the western section of the inner courtyard for the gem.
You have found the gem that the abbot mentioned. Once you purge the corruption that has infected Dirge the Water Dragon will restore you to life.
Return to game.
We should get back to Two Rivers. Master Li needs to be told about what Gao said.
We have to find Master Li. There have to be survivors.
A manual of regimented conditioning will serve you well. Red meat, constitutionals, and union suit calisthenics. You're never so fit as when the johns are long.
Who was she?
This woman was once a Spirit Monk?
So she betrayed you?
What happened to Xian Wu?
And you never suspected anything?
Why didn't you mention this before?
You were a fool to trust them.
Sounds like they got what they deserved.
That's awful!
What's so bad about the binding?
I don't understand. How did he bind their spirits?
So the Emperor did this to Xian Wu?
I still don't see why this is so bad.
We can bind living people, too?
Can you teach me how to bind the living?
Are these the spirits of those who died in the attack?
Don't blame yourself.
Why aren't you caught up in this battle?
You weren't much of a leader, were you?
So you can't get back into the temple?
Why didn't you follow Li?
So you ran like a coward, and now you can't get back?
Dirge will be restored, Abbot Song. I swear it.
All I care about is getting back to the land of the living.
They couldn't harm me anyway.
So what destroyed the guardian?
Maybe we have an ally in here.
Good. One less thing to worry about.
You mean a demon?
Whatever it is, I'll destroy it!
Are you saying you're scared?
Don't worry. We'll find it.
So what do we do now?
Just tell me where it is so I can kill it!
I don't know much, but I saw one lift a stone no human could move. It looked immensely armored. The Lotus Assassin fortress seems the center of production.
Tell me what you know about golems.
How am I supposed to restore the fountains?
Do you have any advice for me?
I want to know more about my amulet.
I saw Li take it from me. How can I still use it?
If the power was mine, what does the amulet do?
If the amulet is only a focus, why did Li take it from me?
Why is it so powerful?
Why were pieces of the amulet scattered across the Empire?
I'm curious about the Spirit Monks and Dirge.
You said I was born here at Dirge?
What did the Spirit Monks do, exactly?
Tell me more about Dirge.
Tell me more about the Water Dragon.
What was the Water Dragon the god of, exactly?
How did the Emperor take her power?
Can she really bring me back to life?
I think we should move on.
Once there, find my hunter Spear Catches Leaf, if he still lives. He claimed to remember some sort of ritual that my forebears used to contact the Forest Shadow.
Remember that you want to go to the temple by the left fork when you reach the branch up above.
If you go to the right, you can find the Pilgrim's Rest Inn, an establishment I technically own but have very little to do with.
One of my hunters usually collects the taxes from them on my behalf.
It is impossible to miss. The temple is an impressive structure, carved into the rock itself.
You may, but I would find it unlikely. To call this area the safest part of the forest is misleading. The ghosts are numerous and vicious.
How would simple travelers and innkeepers survive when surrounded and cut off by these ghosts?
Ask him yourself, he's right there.
Perhaps the question is about your take on me, Lord?
Spear Catches Leaf is one of the best men I know. He's skilled and wise, and I can trust him, which is more than I will say for most. Beyond that, ask him yourself.
Spear Catches Leaf is one of my best men, and I'm worried that I sent him to his doom. He insisted that he try this ritual, though.
To keep him safe, I sent another mercenary up with him. A hulking fellow who seemed more than adept with his axes.
This mercenary lacked your grace, poise, manners, and likely much of your skill, but then he had the good graces to work for the traditional pay: silver.
If the Forest Shadow is responsible, then you must find some way to stop her. Given her centuries-old connection to this forest, I expect we'll know in some way.
If she is not the cause, then we can only pray that she knows more about things than us. Hopefully you will be able to learn the truth from her.
Then you may still be able to learn something if Spear Catches Leaf was successful in reaching her first. If not, then we are both out of luck.
The same way I can be sure you'll hold up your end of things. I have something you need, and vice versa.
If you prove capable of curing this forest, I'd be a fool to deny you your just reward out of spite, wouldn't I?
I don't fancy dying any time soon, and without your reward, you'd not only be capable, but justified in murdering me where I stand.
That's true. I'll tell you whatever I can.
Trainer: Smiling Mountain
It is all a matter of training.
Not many people have my skills.
Are these ghosts a major problem?
I'm curious about this place. Will you answer a few questions?
What is this area?
How long have you been having problems with ghosts?
Why are you camped here?
What did you think you might learn by camping here?
Why wouldn't you want to return to the city?
Is there any route from here to the Imperial City?
Did you just say you have a flyer near here?
That's enough of these questions for now.
There's something else I wanted to ask.
Perhaps there's some way I can help you.
I'll take your advice and go back to Tien's Landing.
I'm trailing a group of Lotus Assassins who took my master.
I am seeking a route to the Imperial City.
Examine your world from all angles and you will see the interconnectedness of all things. Even that which is humble can be the key to greater things.
Where did you acquire a flyer?
It seems I need your wind map to travel north.
Do you have any idea where I could find a flyer?
What are you proposing in return for the wind map?
What if I just killed you and took your wind map?
What if I make you tell me where it is?
What do you propose?
You have a deal. I'll find out what's wrong with your land.
What if I say no?
Why do you think the ghosts are related to this spirit?
What do you mean by *cod6*a fox?*cod6*
Who is the Forest Shadow?
I've heard enough about this fox spirit. What do I need to do?
I will do what I can to save her.
She could be behind this. I'll just eliminate her.
If there are still people there, then whoever took the crystal might be there, as well. But... just be careful.
I don't think so. He'd have to be quite strong to pull the crystal loose. It doesn't make any sense to me, but then, what in this place does?
Exit to Outer Courtyard
What else is along this path?
How will I recognize the temple?
Might I find any help at the inn?
That's all I need to know about the path specifically.
Tell me more about Spear Catches Leaf.
How will you know I've succeeded?
What happens if I can't reach this fox spirit?
How can I be sure I can trust your end of the bargain?
The more I know, the better chance I have of succeeding.
I need that wind map, so I have work to do.
Disturbance
The Broken Wheel
Would a child be able to pry the crystal from the pedestal?
The Turning Wheel
I should go to the inn and find out what I can.
Mmm. Can you smell that? Civilized tea and buns. It has been a long time since I have enjoyed such simple pleasures.
This is quite a remarkable market for such a small village. Perhaps my wife would like to retire here. With me, of course. Never a thought otherwise.
Step lightly around these fireworks, or whatever they are. After years of married bliss, I am uncomfortable around anything with a short fuse.
Flooded once more. Out of sight, out of mind I suppose.
*This* is the Ministry hostel? Where do they spend all the silver they demand of the Empire, then?
From what I know of them, the guild doesn't usually conduct business this openly, or in such elegance.
We need to get out of here! We'll be crushed!
That machine is massive. Who knew the assassins were constructing it in my father's tomb?
We have to find Jia and kill her before she brings Death's Hand!
This is an ancient repository of knowledge. It contains records of the Empire.
This site was to be my father's tomb. I doubt he knows what use Death's Hand has put it to.
The palace is ancient. Some say it was a celestial gift. It shouldn't be misused.
Try not to damage anything. The Empire has seen enough disgrace.
What is this horror? I pray my eyes deceive me.
Be careful. He still has great power to draw upon.
Filth, poverty, and crime: The docks in every city throughout the Empire are the same.
I'm surprised this town has such a large market square. It's a wonder so many merchants can make a living.
There are so many people here! The sound of their voices inside can be almost... overwhelming.
I didn't think so many people could be in a place all at once. And all of them keeping so much inside....
Wow! This place is so pretty... and peaceful! But... the Guardian says appearances are deceiving.
This is the palace? Why have they let it fall apart? Isn't it supposed to be beautiful?
Chai Ka: My Lady....
Chai Ka: He is strong. Bloated with his stolen power. He is far from finished.
There are so many people here! Such a big town! But... they all seem unhappy for some reason.
To the Imperial Arena
The water covering everyone. Those poor children... I hate the water. It's too... familiar.
There was a lot of pain here. The Guardian says he can feel it soaked into the walls. I don't like it here.
The Guardian doesn't like what's happened. They've brought others from Outside and made them fight.
City Gate
The Guardian says that this is the home of a powerful spirit. He can't tell if we're welcome or not....
They're watching you closely, gauging your abilities. Be on your guard.
From their numbers, I'd say we're getting closer to the Mother.
Boathouse Key
Stories don't speak of foxes being this pretentious.
From the markings on the head of the key, it looks like it would unlock the gate leading to the upper office in the Tien's Landing boathouse.
The Golden Way is the pride of the city, as any of its residents will gladly tell you.
I am not comfortable here. So many people without a clue of the danger that may be coming.
Switch Upgrade
The Lotus Assassins know all about the Guild and places like this. They choose to do nothing because organized crime polices itself.
Primary
This floating statue is perfect for the Scholars' Garden. Their heads are always in the clouds.
Ground
Upgrade
Mini-game Controller Setup
Toggle game/mini-game
I can't hurt you?!
Don't underestimate me!
We fight!
My skills are tested!
You won't defeat me!
I will prove myself!
The destruction is what I expected. Clearly no one was meant to survive.
A very focused attack. Was this place a threat because of who the teacher was, what he might have been taught, or who he taught it to?
Your quarry has based himself in the north. There are paths right and left, but I doubt one is any safer than the other.
It looks like the soldiers have taken control from the bandits who normally rule here. I'm not sure it's an improvement.
I never had cause to enter these caves. Gao will have to pay for this inconvenience.
The teahouse is the heart of a community, and the first place where sickness shows. Be wary.
Be careful. Trust no one in this place. We are a long way from your idyllic little village.
Show me your true skills!
Even a village as small as this has a place to hide its undesirables.
Life seems normal enough here. You could almost ignore all that has happened.
The Assassins have adopted many new tools since I was in the ranks, but their methods have changed little.
This whole place is a giant watery grave. The past cannot be changed. It should have stayed buried.
The Lotus Assassins have spread their influence even here. It is a credit to Sun Li that you remained undiscovered as long as you did.
Water covers all, just as the people of Tien's Landing cover their memory of what happened here.
Forced labor is sometimes necessary when difficult work must be done. Perhaps not in this case, but sometimes.
They control demons, too? They have amassed a great deal of power.
I am healed.
These rushing waters can't do anything to cleanse this forest.
I have been... poisoned.
So much has happened. Please, when the others have left, we should have a moment together.
You must be exhausted after what you've been through, but... I need to speak with you when the others are gone. I'll come find you.
We should all get some rest. We may as well be awake for what is to come.
That is... that is all we can do to save ourselves today, but... there was more that you learned in the spirit realm, wasn't there? I can tell.\n
I... saw hope in my vision that led us to you, but there was also something I didn't want to believe. I didn't tell the others. Can it be true?
Am I really Master Li's daughter?
What! Laughable! I see why you didn't tell us. That is ridiculous!
It's no more outlandish than half the things I have seen in your company. She is of the right age.
Lots of children are born every day. I was born at that time. If you don't count this latest rebirth, so was our friend here.
But I was named for the fires of Dirge. Hui said as much, and it seems obvious now. The red glow opposite the morning sun was the temple burning.
So what if it was? It could have been visible across the Empire.
But that's not... that would make her....
A cousin? A princess? A rival?
You be quiet. This is not amusing.
You still seek to redeem your master, even after what he did to you? Clearly you are beyond reason. Fine, believe what you wish.
Does anyone care how I feel about this?
I... I am unsure what this really means, but we must tell Master Li and try to appeal to his sense of decency. This could lift so much pain from his heart.
You are both crazy. I'll go along with it if it helps us in the end, but I'll need more proof to believe it, and I expect Sun Li will, too.
We have to survive the coming attack before anyone is told anything. We've done all we can for now. Tomorrow will decide our fates.
We must use it to unsettle him. That will make it easier to defeat him. He used all of us... we can't let this opportunity go.
I don't want to be used like this. Did you enjoy being Master Li's tool? He should be told, but try to see this as a way to get through to him.
A ploy with potential, but you might as well make up anything. This is hard to swallow.
Fortifications... hmmm... perhaps I will remove some of the ordnance from the Marvelous Dragonfly. Properly applied, it may prove useful tomorrow.
Come Whirlwind! I need your muscle!
That's the *Black* Whirlwind, and as long as it makes the coming fight more interesting, I'll lift whatever you want.
That is all we can do for now. Tomorrow will decide our fates.
We should all get some rest. But... if I could have a word with you when the others have gone... I need to speak with you.
There was something. It was about you and Master Li.
The burning temple was only visible from the palace.
Perhaps this will restore Master Li's good side.
Of course, Dawn Star. What should we do about this?
Not especially. We will use it to my benefit, regardless.
No, it is a very useful tool. Master Li will be weakened when I tell him.
No. The Water Dragon says otherwise. Only from the palace.
Yes, a bit of information about you that is sure to rattle Master Li.
For the Emperor!
Down, peasant!
Do not resist me!
Guards! To me!
You can't escape!
This is your end!
Tomb Rubble
From what I have seen, he is stronger than that. If he is damaged by the blast, good, but you are the one meant to fight the power behind him.
Why didn't you tell me before? I could have prepared!
I am glad you trust me, but they still plan to launch a sneak attack?
Well, that's convenient for my nerves.
My wounds will make me a burden if I stay at your side. I will keep guard over the temple itself. Groups landing there should be small enough for me to handle.
I'll signal with the temple bell if it's too much for me to handle. I'm sure we will be ready for whatever comes.
Collapsed Tunnel
Then I personally defeat Death's Hand, and the army will fall. I like it.
Why not just blow them all up? Death's Hand included?
If you turned them down, why are they still going ahead with this plan?
[The symbol of the Old Master is still in the lion's mouth. Something activates as you approach. The sphere begins to glow.]
[You leave the statue and altar as they are.]
[You collect the figurines and step away.]
[You recover the figurine and step away.]
[The statue does not acknowledge your presence. It has given out whatever reward it was intended to give.]
[The sphere begins to glow again.]
[The sphere changes color to glow red.]
[The sphere changes color again, glowing with a yellow light.]
[The statue dispenses a silver coin. An unfamiliar voice begins to emanate from the lion.]
The obvious path is humble, safe, but pays the wage of a cook, not a champion.
[There is a small bag of coins in the rubble. An unfamiliar voice begins to emanate from the lion.]
Rash action will reveal much about the task and the man. Reward may be immediate, but there is no going back.
[Something activates as you approach. The sphere in the lion's paw begins to glow.]
[There is an indentation in the statue's mouth, reminding you of another shape you saw recently.]
[Something changes inside the statue. The sphere glows green.]
[Approach the altar.]
[Place the red figurine on the altar.]
[Place the yellow figurine on the altar.]
[Remove the blue figurine from the altar.]
[Place the blue figurine on the altar.]
[Remove the red figurine from the altar.]
[Remove the yellow figurine from the altar.]
[Remove the figurines.]
[Remove the figurine.]
[Destroy the altar.]
Chai Ka: The Other, Ya Zhen, has been held back for now. He will no longer bother the girl. How long it will hold, I cannot tell, but I will keep him away as long as I can.
[Place the token from the Old Master's grave in the lion's mouth.]
Some Assassins must have got past us somehow. I will go look.
You just keep the Lotus Assassins busy here. I will go to the temple.
I am sorry. Some hope was better than none. Your world is as dark as theirs.
I had to take a chance. You... you aren't even mortal like the rest of us anymore. I *know* what they are capable of, but you....
I had to... there was no promise that you would be better. It was for my daughter... I'm sorry.
And you are becoming them! You aren't even mortal like the rest of us anymore. I *know* what they are capable of, but you....
Use my daughter against me, will he? Make him hurt.
The Landing Site
Town Square
What have you done, Sky?
You made a deal with the enemy? Traitor!
Dawn Star's Garden
To Forest
Forest Shadow's Temple
I will return you to the earth. I am the will of the Emperor. I am Death's Hand. Sun Li commands that you die. I must obey.
Rrrgh! You have a better grip on your fellows than my master thought. The plight of a dead child is difficult motivation to resist.
Fear is all that is needed for the masses. That is why I exist. I am the will of the Emperor. I am Death's Hand. Sun Li commands that you die. I must obey.
He would kill you for your slander, but he will not have to. I am Death's Hand. Sun Li commands that you die. I must obey.
It is no *cod6*grip.*cod6* You rule through fear, I inspire loyalty.
Li knows much about perverting such motivation. His child is his excuse.
I will surprise you in many ways, Prince Kin.
Master Radiant's Chambers
Master Smiling Hawk's Chambers
Dining Hall
Garden
Chai Ka: Wild Flower is safe from him for now.
The small seal is made of ancient stone and carved with intricate designs. Though it appears lifeless, you can sense a powerful energy contained within.
Lion's Head Token
We thought you'd asked for her to join you, Judge! Good thing we followed her!
We thought you *wanted* him to come down here, Judge! Good thing we followed to make sure!
What is the old saying? Honor among thieves?
Layers upon layers. As if this wasn't complicated enough.
Now you are really stepping beyond the realm of reason. Why would Zu know this?
Only partially, it would seem, or they would both be alive.
Does this change anything? We can tell Master Li and give him hope, but we must rescue him first.
Then let's quit talking and go to the palace! I will lead the way.
Well, I certainly see why he would keep that a secret.
He must have felt very guilty about it. Perhaps that is why he shadowed us for so long. Even in the swamps he must have wanted to make amends.
That's all very sad, but it changes nothing. Our immediate concern is my father. I will guide you to the palace.
Then you can brief us on the way. I am eager to end this as well.
He was part of the group sent to kill them. He had a change of heart.
It doesn't matter. We have to accept that it is possible.
There is more. Zu said he was with the group that killed Master Li's family.
There is more to discuss, but I want to get moving.
*cod238*
*cod238* Description
*cod240*
*cod240* Desc
Thief Liver
*cod242*
Preserved Liver
This liver has been preserved by special medical and arcane means. It's so well preserved that it almost looks alive.
A small canister of the volatile black substance called dragon powder. The Lotus Assassins were clearly using this substance to excavate in the lower ruins of Tien's landing, but this charge doesn't look sufficient for blasting anything. It might be useful as a primer for a larger explosive.
*cod243*
*cod244*
*cod245*
Are you all right? You fell over after the fight. There was something here, but I couldn't see it clearly.
A vision. The same creature I saw in the spirit cave in the school.
Never mind. Let's just get moving.
The ingredients are very rare and it costs me quite a bit to procure them, especially while I'm stuck in this... quaint village. I'll need another 300 silver from you.
Those pillars don't look stable!
She's too strong to defeat without using your head!
That ceiling can't be stable with that hole in it!
That thing's hide is too tough to cut!
She's just trying to wear you down! You can't beat her with just your fists!
Quit wasting time! You've got to drop the ceiling on her!
If you knock those pillars down this place will collapse like a bad cake!
Isn't this why you practice breaking all those bricks? Hit the pillars!
That's it! You could feel the earth move when that pillar fell!
Keep doing that! She'll be in for a surprise!
You know what I like about this place? Absolutely nothing. Let's get what we need and get to the Imperial City.
Wang said something about a screwable power horse. You should get that, then maybe we can get going.
Kang! It's *Kang,* not Wang! And it's an inscrutable power source, you dumb ox.
Whatever. Just get that thing he said.
What do you want from me? I'm here to kill things. You want answers, ask someone else.
Sign
I know this one by reputation, and that's enough. I trust you'll consider this discussion private and potentially very beneficial.
Your introductions are unnecessary, Cho. I know this one personally. I trust you'll consider this discussion private and potentially very beneficial.
When Cho approached me regarding this matter, I felt that it might be in the best interests of the greater Guild if I were involved.
Statue of Mah Tsung
Here, I salvaged this gem out of some sort of power source. I imagine you will have some use for it.
Now that we're here, we should see if anyone knows anything about flyers. Maybe whoever is in charge of the town can help us get underway again.
There you are! I'm... I'm sorry, I didn't want to wait back there any longer. I don't think anything will hurt the flyer. It is plenty hurt already.
I found this gem in the wreckage. I'm not sure what it was attached to, but I'm sure you can use it for something.
I won't discuss that. Perhaps I will say more when I know *your* motives better, but for now, my past is my own.
I wouldn't have much respect for you if you did, but it is all that I am going to offer right now.
I am not concealing anything that will harm you or your cause. You and Dawn Star have my full support, but my past is my own affair.
You can't, but if the Lotus Assassins wanted to get a spy close to you, they would not use one who bears their stained hands as openly as I.
I also doubt he would announce his former status. And if he did, he would probably appease you with something more detailed than, *cod6*I don't want to talk about it.*cod6*
And I have declined to answer those questions. My past is my own business. If that changes, I will let you know.
Nothing to concern yourself over. Very old business. I traveled this way when I was fleeing the Lotus Assassins.
It was nothing. Some vagrant waif I passed off after making sure its belly was full. A far less surprising turn than what Hui said about your Master Li.
I know Hui to be a truthful and honorable person. Much more so than I consider myself to be. I do not question her belief, but belief alone is not enough.
What if it *is* true? Much will have to change to accommodate this *cod6*truth.*cod6* It means the Emperor lied about Li's death, and he may have assaulted the heavens.
The *Emperor* subject to the common vice of deception? Unthinkable.
Perhaps, but that, too, implies a weakness that the Emperor cannot have.
I warn you, this will lead in a dangerous direction for you and Dawn Star. I cannot condone it... but I have agreed to help, and I will.
Just don't blame me when the whole world is against you.
You and your companions have shown me a path I previously thought closed. Give me no more thought than that. Now, is there anything else?
No, he is not. He is Emperor Sun Hai. He is as close to the heavens as a mortal can be.
Perhaps my path has joined the low road once or twice, but you don't have to be an earnest schoolboy to know that anarchy is madness. The order of things is important.
Oh, choosing to leave is easy enough. Surviving the choice is not. Is that a surprise, given their nature? Hui's comments about Master Li are more outlandish.
I won't get in your way if you don't get in mine. I have nothing more to say about where we are.
Your connection to your guardian demon severed, your soul is lost for all eternity.
Our enemy? The sure sign of an effective fighter is that he has many enemies. Which are you most curious about?
A small man. He bears a grudge against the world because his wealth cannot buy him the status he wants. At least, that is my estimation of him.
If we encounter him in his holdings near Tien's Landing, I doubt he will be very welcoming. Not after he learns the fate of his son.
I have questions about you and the Lotus Assassins.
Why did you leave them?
I want to talk about you.
What do you think about our current situation?
I have questions about our enemy.
Tell me about Gao the Greater.
I want to know about the Emperor.
It seems to me that either he approves or he has lost power.
Why not?
Tell me about Death's Hand and the Lotus Assassins.
I am supposed to accept that answer?
Very well, but I will be watching you.
Then I will not press the matter. For now.
How can I be certain of that?
I want to know what you and Hui were talking about.
I want to know more about this *cod6*child*cod6* she mentioned.
She confirmed that he is the Emperor's brother.
Are you dismissing what she said?
Then Death's Hand has far more influence than he should.
I appreciate your help, even if you give it reluctantly.
Why stay if you are so reluctant?
Why is it unthinkable? He is a man, like any other.
You don't seem the type to hold such allegiance to the Empire.
You were fleeing? So leaving the Lotus Assassins was not a choice?
I want to talk about you some more. You seem agitated.
I want to talk about what Inquisitor Lim said about you.
Look, we have fresh blood. Another soul for the forge, or a new pet for the masters? We don't need more competition for attention.
With the rise of the golems, we acolytes have fewer opportunities to serve. You are unwelcome.
We all serve, but those who serve are not all equal.\n
You spout big words, but you are in no position to back them up.
We are losing status to the golem army and you want to take more attention away from us? I think you need to prove your worth.
Should he prove his worth? No, he can defend it, or die.
Accepted, yes, but not tested. If you die here, clearly you are not capable of joining us. We have no need of acolytes that cannot even reach their master.
You, kill this fool.
More blood to stain my hands. A badge of honor.
Ah, you realize the inevitability of this challenge. Good, that will make it easier to justify.
Bah! You are skilled, but Assassins are not just quick steps and cuts. We will see if you are strong enough. This isn't over.
Your end is near!
I only seek to serve the Lotus Assassins. Let me pass.
Out of my way, or you'll be dead when I'm running the place.
Your masters will not like this. I am an accepted recruit.
If any of you think you can beat me, step up now, or stand aside.
My style is flawless!
I will sacrifice what I can for her life.
I have done all I can.
You ask too much of me.
If I help you, you'll only tell the others what I've done. I have to let you go.
For that price, I'm your man. Stand down, Aishi!
For that price, I'm your woman, Captain Sen. Stand down, Aishi!
Help him, Doctor An.
Will she be all right?
I will take my reward from his possessions.
He'll make it worth your while.
You can't make her help you.
My investigation made it clear that he had already slipped away.
What could he possibly offer me? He's gone and there's no point catching him.
They tried to take from me, and they died. I feasted on their souls. Such is the evil I was in life, and am again in death! The underworld has no place for me! Ji Xin lives!
It doesn't? But I *want* it to! Blood. Horror. Pain. Despair. The sounds of flesh ripping. This is the music I dream of in my cursed undeath.
I am evil incarnate. A man so vicious and vile that the spirits deemed me unfit to pass into death and cursed me into this wretched form. Ji Xin lives, indeed....
Now, I feed on the flesh and souls of the living in payment for my vanity. My perfect body is a testament to my crimes. My very touch spreads my corruption.
[Success] A chance... to repent. Can it be that after all this time, after years of living death, I am given this one chance to make something right?
What is this *cod6*chance*cod6* you speak of, mortal? What is this false hope you dangle before me?
Ah, you are a scholar as well. If one believes in one's own damnation, then that one is truly damned. But then, at least, they will never be proven wrong. The vanity of intellect.
Hah... haha... Hahaha! So true! So true, mortal. For me, there is no hope. For me, there is nothing! And so, for you too, there will be nothing.
[Failure] Never! My sins can never be redeemed! This is my fate! The curse of years weighs down on my soul, and I can never rise from it!
It is, and will forever be. Now you, too, will share in this cursed fate!
Something of mine? You think I'll part so willingly with something, even if it is just a piece of my own corrupt body?
A girl... after so long, a girl. Hah! But I'm a vile and corrupt being, forever damned by the life I led. Set here in this wretched form to walk forever.
Redemption... for one such as me? I think not. My life was spent in greed and vanity and corruption. Even in death I sought to preserve my perfect form.
For one whose madness and evil progress even into death? No, there is no hope for me. None at all. And you stand here, mocking me for it.
Ah, the temptation! Yes... so much logic... so much philosophy, but who knows what the heavens will truly decide in the end?
But... for the chance... And it is a girl... so young... I can taste her pain and suffering lingering about you. So like my own.
The blood is thick in my veins. A solid mass where fluid used to flow. Now dried and brittle. But the heart still stirs, and it can be moved, though tears no longer flow.
My life has been wasted on my own sins... and in death I have nothing except them. This young thing... this girl... she still deserves life.
If my end means this girl lives, then may the heavens look kindly upon me, even though I know they won't. If damnation is my fate, then let it be worth something in the end.
Take what you need, mortal.
There's nothing I could tell you, regardless of your offer.
Haha, you have a wit, mortal. I think I'll enjoy cutting it from your soul, piece by piece.
There's got to be no better feeling than joining the legends of the Empire itself. Except maybe a good bowl of wine.
[By removing the Jade Heart, you have permanently destroyed the dam's control mechanism.]
When they asked me to work for the school exclusively, I accepted. I'd rather have a steady life, making weapons by the bunch, than doing special orders all the time.
And every once in a while, I get to make something unique. The masters have some amazing scrolls describing weapons I never even knew existed.\n
Hmm. Well, it's the best of its kind in all the Empire, or at least that's what I'm told. 'Course, it's seen better days.
But, now that you've dealt with Smiling Hawk, maybe they can get back to way they once were. I'm sure Kai will make an excellent master.
Having two masters has really hurt the school, if you ask me. Seems the students spend more time bickering than fighting. But what do I know?
If it was me, I'd just kick one of the masters out on his ear. I'd like to tell you which one, too, but I'd better not. Best not to get involved.
Suit yourself. I have a lot of work to do. Good day.
The will of the heavens was fulfilled. The heart of the Water Dragon was restored, and her soul, reborn. Balance returned to the heavens, and the Jade Empire endured. His duty discharged, Chai Ka the Heavenly Gate Guardian returned to his heaven once more. *cod2**cod2*In honor of her service to the heavens, the girl, Wild Flower, whom Chai Ka had raised to serve as his anchor, was granted the most precious gift of all: Life. She was given a chance to live a new life according to her own whim.
In the shattered mind of Wild Flower dwelled the demon Ya Zhen. The power of the one who freed him grew, giving the demon endless possibilities. For a time, he lived by the pledge he made, serving a power greater than himself, but mortals remain mortal, and in time, they die. And when his pledge no longer binds him... then the demon's time will come again.
Yes I would.
Show me your weapons again.
Could I see what you have for sale?
Master Radiant does not want to waste his time on someone who is unprepared. If you can defeat each of us, then you are ready to learn from a master.
An impressive feat, but it was only one fight. As skilled as you are, you must understand that a great fighter must be consistent to remain great.
You have proven you can defeat our novices. Now you must prove yourself against the brothers. The brothers have trained long and are second only in skill to the masters.
Sixth brother is the least skilled, so you will start with him. Work your way to Third Brother. If you succeed against him, you will then challenge me.
You'll find plenty of challenges here, I assure you.
Second Brother is... not here. For now, you must face only Third Brother and myself... after you've defeated the other brothers.
Our students are the best in the Empire. They just might surprise you.
I must be honest with you... I believe Master Radiant has a plan in allowing you to join us. As you may have heard, there are two masters at this school.
Master Radiant and I have tried for some time to temper Master Smiling Hawk's... ways. He is cunning and ruthless and has little regard for students.
I'll be careful.
Why does Master Radiant tolerate him?
We're all fighters. We are all dangerous.
No thanks. I have better things to do.
Yes. I would like to join the school after all.
Remind me why I would want to join.
No. I'm still not interested in joining.
Yes, I wanted to ask you about the school.
What can you tell me about Third Brother?
Why are there two masters at the school?
Which master do you follow?
Why is it called the Black Leopard School?
What can you tell me about events outside of the school?
I should get back to fighting.
How do I set up a fight with the brothers?
No. I should get back to fighting.
Bai the Outcrier can direct you if needed. He stands over by where the flyers dock.
I'd like to practice some more.
Thanks, it was a difficult fight.
Third Brother was easy to defeat.
I think he had help from Smiling Hawk.
I'm glad I could help. Is there anything more I can do?
I just hope your master made the right choice in leaving the school to you.
As you wish. Once you've defeated Fifth Brother, come and see me for a match.
I want a practice fight.
Storm Dragon Style
I'd like to see those items again.
No thanks.
White Demon Style
Greetings. I apologize if I've caused any problems.
Your students could use a bit of restraint.
Your novices are fortunate you came when you did!
Yes. I would like that.
Why would I want to join your school?
Yes. I think I'd like to join the school.
That sounds reasonable.
Why do I have to prove myself?
But I just defeated four of your students... at once!
Good. I like a challenge.
What about Second Brother?
I look forward to defeating all of you!
So you've defeated Fourth Brother Yu... finally. You'll get your chance to see what a real fighter can do soon enough!
Don't patronize me. I'm not falling for your false flattery.
I would like that, more than you can guess. But I have other orders.
You came to this school. That's enough.
Master Smiling Hawk wants to see you. He sent me to escort you. Follow me.
Then you are a fool. But I suppose I already knew that.\n
You are a student, and I am Third Brother. You will do as I say.
Master Smiling Hawk has even less patience than I do. Let's go!
What do you want? I've told First Brother that I withdraw, now go and challenge him.
You are a fool to choose Radiant over the Smiling Hawk. Are you also fool enough to challenge me to a fight?
I'm sure you are very skilled, Third Brother.
How about right now!
What's the matter? Did I do something to you?
I'm not interested in meeting with him.
What if I don't want to meet him?
Good. I've been looking forward to meeting him.
It was foolish of us to challenge you earlier. I apologize for my impudence.
I can see why the masters chose you to join the school. Even Fourth Brother cannot withstand your skills.
It is a shame that blood was shed, but the school is better off without Smiling Hawk.
I apologize, but I cannot talk right now. I must prepare for a sparring match with Brother Shangjin.
Well, I can't say I like you anymore now, but I'm grateful that you rid us of that senile old man, Radiant.
We may be novices, but we're still skilled. You're lucky Third Brother stopped that fight when he did.
I can't believe Third Brother lost to *you*. I hope Master Smiling Hawk teaches you a lesson or two.
I don't really feel like talking right now.
Sorry, I'm new here. There's really nothing I can do to help you, I'm afraid.
I'm glad Master Smiling Hawk is gone, that man terrified me.
You certainly taught us a thing or two about fighting. I'm just glad you didn't hurt us too badly.
I can't believe you defeated Fourth Brother. If I had known you were so skilled I would have never attacked you.
You may have defeated us, but Third Brother will teach you what real fighting is like.
I'm impressed, Third Brother is a difficult opponent. I've never seen anyone even come close to defeating him before.
I don't have time to talk right now.
With Radiant out of the way, Master Smiling Hawk can finally lead this school as it was meant to be led.
Come in, come in quickly, and shut that door behind you. It gets so cold and drafty in here, I can almost feel the wind blowing right through me.
Ha! That was a joke, my young student. You are free to laugh if you feel so inclined. [sigh] Everyone is so serious around here these days.
But Smiling Hawk failed to realize the true nature of his technique. It does not merely borrow your style and power; it takes your life.
And so, with one stealthy encounter, Smiling Hawk not only gained my fighting powers but also eliminated the one person who could challenge him.
There's nothing more humiliating for a master than waking up and realizing you've been beaten by a bookworm... and in your own room, no less!
Yes, but deadly just the same. There is a fine line between ambition and greed, need and lust. Smiling Hawk crossed the line and hasn't looked back since.
Some might call it that, though I would not be one of them. Boldness is derived from courage, not fear. Smiling Hawk's lust for power drove him, not his courage.
No doubt you can. You are very astute for someone so young.
Smiling Hawk chose the easy route to power, but it has cost him. The power has changed him and corroded his spirit, but it also makes him very powerful.
First Brother and I have kept him in check, barely. But the balance slowly turns in his favor as he gains more and more power.
That is precisely why I brought you here. You alone have the skill and strength to defeat Smiling Hawk. There is something... different about you.
As a spirit, I can see your power... and its source. It is different for you than for anyone I have ever met.
I won't tell you that Smiling Hawk cannot harm you, but I'm certain that he cannot steal your power. Not the way he stole mine, at any rate.
Ha! Humility is not one of your strengths. Fortunately, you will not need humility against the Smiling Hawk.
Good luck, young one. Be careful, but be courageous. I know you have what it takes to defeat Smiling Hawk.
Just pretend that you told me nothing. I don't want to risk your son.
Well done. Well done, indeed. There's something about your fighting... I'm not sure what it is exactly, but it is most unique. Whatever it is, it serves you well.
With Smiling Hawk gone, I can finally heed the call on my spirit. Much longer and I would have been torn from this place forcibly.
Master, why must you leave? I still have so much to learn from you, and we need a strong master to rebuild the school.
Brother Kai, there are some things you must learn for yourself. As long as I stay here, I am holding you back.
And besides... you are ready. You know enough. And what you do not know, you'll figure out. That is what it means to be a master.
Thank you, if it wasn't for you... well, this never would have happened. It seems to me that you're the one who should receive this honor.
Ha! Don't let Kai's compliments go to your head. You did us a great favor, and you're welcome here anytime, but you're no master.
Yes, that sums it up. You did us a great favor, and you're welcome here anytime. But you're no master.
You *are* very likely the most skilled fighter I've ever known, but your path lies in a different direction... many directions, if I don't miss my guess.
This school needs stability, and right now, Kai offers that. One day, when your adventures are done, you'll make a great master. Until then....
Bah! Humility is overrated. I will offer something more than thanks. Before I leave, I'll teach you a style I learned in the spirit world.
Of course you don't. Ha! But I will offer something more than thanks. Before I leave, I'll teach you a style I learned in the spirit world.
Did I say that was it? You are so impatient! I have one more thing to offer you. Before I leave, I'll teach you a style I learned in the spirit world.
I was afraid to use it against Smiling Hawk. If he had stolen it from me, he would have been almost unstoppable.
Well? Are you interested in learning, or are you just going to stand there?
Watch and learn. If you are as good as you seem, I should only have to show you once.
The style you just learned is very rare. Its original master died centuries ago, but the spirits know it, and now you do as well.
I must be going. First Brother Kai will never truly be master until I am gone. The students must follow him, and him alone.
I would speak with you alone Master Radiant, before you go.
If you wait outside, I will join you in a minute. I have something I would like to offer you in thanks for your help.
Good luck to you, as well. You'll need it.
Goodbye, and good luck. You'll need it.
What has happened here?
I won't let anything happen to your son.
If there's one thing I've learned since I died, it's not to take yourself too seriously. It can all end in an instant, and then it's too late to enjoy your life.
Dead and buried. Food for the worms, as they say. Now you'll be wondering why the school still follows a dead master, hmm?
Ha! I don't know about great, but yes, I am a ghost. Food for the worms, as they say. Now you'll be wondering why the school still follows a dead master, hmm?
I choose to remain in my room for reasons beyond my... appearance.
My spirit could not leave this place, due to the way I was killed. First Brother and I keep my death a secret, well he and Second Brother, until his recent demise.
The other students just think I'm an irritable old curmudgeon who doesn't like to be disturbed... not too far from the truth. But no doubt you're wondering how I died.
Good. It's nice to have an eager listener, unlike some people who nod their head and pretend to listen. Wouldn't you say, First Brother?
Too bad. If you're not interested, just nod your head and pretend to listen, like First Brother does when I go on about the way things used to be.
I'm not going to be beaten!
Ha! I'm the master of this school! When I speak, you certainly have nothing better to do than listen. At least First Brother will nod his head and *pretend* to listen.
Now, where was I? Oh yes, the story of my demise. Before Master Smiling Hawk was a master, he was Third Brother Liu.
He was a gifted student, although not a very good fighter. He preferred books and knowledge over combat... but his thirst for knowledge was unhealthy.
Smiling Hawk was never content with his place here. Eventually, he sought to move beyond his station and take what he had not yet earned.
Very dangerous, especially for anyone who got in his way. At any rate, Smiling Hawk turned his considerable intellect to advancing himself.
Ha! We all want more, otherwise we'd never learn! But you miss the point... it's not the wanting, it's how you get what you want that matters.
Smiling Hawk was smart, but he wasn't wise. He discovered a technique that allowed him to harness another person's style and power.
This technique was unnatural. I reprimanded him and told him to stop dabbling with things that he could not control.
Of course, in my arrogance, I assumed he would obey my wise instructions. But Smiling Hawk had no intention of letting go of his newfound technique.
An excellent point, and one that very few people grasp. You may yet prove to be an excellent student.
If you don't know, then I doubt I can explain it to you. Some people possess power, while others are possessed by it. Smiling Hawk fell into the latter group.
Ha! You're picking up First Brother's bad habits.
At any rate, Smiling Hawk decided to try out his technique on me. With my power, he could become First Brother... and more.
Power is hard to gain and even harder to let go.
Of course not. Why would he?
[Nod head and pretend to be listening.]
What a shameless act of cowardice!
It sounds like Smiling Hawk was very bold and daring.
Well, I think I can see where this is going.
So how can we stop him?
I'll deal with Smiling Hawk.
His power is nothing compared to mine!
Well, good for you. Do you want to me to bake a special dessert in your honor!
I want to know more details about this problem before I go.
That's one of them there.
A wise choice. Kai will make an excellent master.
Congratulations, First Brother. Or should I say, Master?
So, *I* defeated Smiling Hawk and *he* gets to be master?
Your thanks is enough.
That's okay. I didn't really want to be a master.
After all I've done, that's it?
Yes, I'm very interested.
Finally, something for all my work.
Farewell and good luck, Master Radiant.
I don't think you should go in there. The Serpent is no good for anybody. I'll... be around if you need me.
Damn it! Get him... and don't be gentle!
I'm afraid your men won't be joining you anytime soon.
What? So it's true. Master Radiant suspected as much. We must find a way to stop Smiling Hawk.
So... you're dead?
The great Master Radiant is a... ghost?
I wondered why you never appeared outside your room.
Yes, I would like to know.
No, I'm not really interested.
Dong Ping needs to get Zhong the Ox Carrier to leave the Teahouse. He needs Zhong to help him with the manual chores on his farm. If Zhong is hurt or killed, Dong Ping will be ruined.
Zhong the Ox Carrier
I suppose. I've got nothing better to do.
Go. Challenge Third Brother. I will speak with Master Radiant.
That's a dangerous path to tread.
What's wrong with wanting more?
I see. Go on.
Do you really think we'll find Second Brother here in the city?
Why ask me? I don't even want to be here. Second Brother probably decided he didn't want to listen to Master Radiant anymore, and left to get some peace.
Never! Second Brother is devoted to Master Radiant. If anything, I suspect Master Smiling Hawk had something to do with his disappearance.
What? You dare accuse Master Smiling Hawk?
Quiet, you worms! You're here to look for Second Brother, not bicker like school children. Now get moving.
You're a fool if you believe what Master Smiling Hawk teaches. Brute force is not always the best way to win a battle.
Oh, and Master Radiant's ways are better? I don't think so. Brute force *is* the only way to get what you want, and I can prove it.
How?
I'll show you.
I expect there will already be enough chaos to go around without your... talents.
Y... you! You're back! Have you decided to help me? My daughter... she won't last long, I fear.
I'll find a liver for you.
You knew that ghost?
It was a woman?
You owe me for this.
Ahhh... then you shall learn the depths to which I have sunk!
You're robbing her grave?
You're *married*?
What a nice home life you must have.
[Failure] Why? All he does is ask for money and try to line his own pockets with my hard work! I won't let him take this from me! I won't!
I guess you're going to have to die, Elder Fong.
I won't kill him. We're leaving. *Now*.
Actually, I think I'll just kill you both.
That one didn't listen to me; I hope you have more sense.
No, I *was* weak, otherwise I would have ignored you by the river. I'm going to pay for my crimes, but there's one thing I have to do first. I have to kill you.
Do you deserve to be standing here any more than her, Captain?
If you came here because of the rich reward on my head, you may even know him. Captain Sen of the Imperial Army is my quarry. I must make him pay for that boy's life.
You know him, clearly.
Until now, I wasn't sure how I would approach him, but you may have provided the answer.
If you help me, I know how I can reach Sen. You need merely to escort me to his station by the gate.  A *cod6*subdued*cod6* prisoner could get close enough to deal with Sen.
Once I have dealt with him, you shall have your bounty. I couldn't let you be implicated in my final murder.
They do not call me the Mournful Blade because I enjoy what I do. Years of remembering the first time I *cod6*let it go,*cod6* have caused me to develop a conscience.
Why else ask this boon of you? One last chance to do something right, before one of the hunters finally catches me.
I have only one thing left to *cod6*try.*cod6*
Let's go write an ending to my tale.
I would do the same thing in your place. The prudent, efficient thing. Let us see who proves the stronger.
Sen is dead. Dead like that poor boy we let wash away. I should have made him suffer more.
Stranger, I cannot thank you enough. I have touched a thousand lives with my crimes, and yet now I feel some peace. It is time my story ended.
I have only one more favor to ask. Face me now and grant me an hon... no, there is no honor left for me. Just grant me an end.
You can't be the one to let Aishi the Mournful Blade walk free. That would cast undeserved suspicion upon you, and *that* crime I will not commit.
I have been waiting for this moment for years.
We are kindred spirits. Thank you.
Face me, and let this battle be glorious enough that the city will talk of it for generations!
I have a tale to finish. I see no need to tell it to anyone but myself.
There is a price on my head. It may be crusted with silver, but it will not be easily collected.
Likewise.
Stranger, if you continue to talk to me, I will stand up and face you. If that happens, our meeting will end with one of our deaths.
So be it.
This woman has looked death in the eye and refused to blink. She is... strong.
I've heard of Aishi before. Whatever happens, tales of her have earned my respect.
I would play no games with this woman if I were you.
You are not what I expected. Harmony surrounds you and flows out into the world as you pass.
You are far from the worst I've met, but you are not at peace with your world.\n
You are like me. We revel in chaos and discord. I, however, have made a decision that will restore my balance.
I have a story I would share willingly with you, if you would hear it.
That is fair. I would not dirty my ears listening to a murderer if I were you either. It was a fool's hope.
I have a story that must be told, but I do not think you are the one to hear it.
I am tempted to tell it to you, but I wish the right person to hear it.
You seek me? You seek one so evil that his very touch spreads the corruption his vanity has caused? My perfect body is a testament to my crimes.
To live and feed in death are all that are left to me.
That fumbling twit over there is your man. He's not worth covering for.
You're nothing, and that is what I'll make you.
You're most generous, Captain. That's your man right there.
Now that you mention extra silver, that's Yukong right there.
You're just what I was looking for.
This really doesn't have to become a fight, you know.
[Intuition] You have a chance to repent for your sins.
I need your liver to save a young girl.
All hope is false if you never allow it to be true.
You declare it false before giving it a chance? Perhaps you are beyond redemption.
Your curse will be your undoing, then. It is your fate.
You have something I need, and I will take it from you.
A girl is dying and needs a liver preserved like yours.
If one is willing, there is always the chance for redemption.
If you save her life, you may be redeemed.
A sacrifice from you could change all that.
I will put you to rest, then!
I never said you'll part willingly. Just part.
He's buying your silence, which speaks of his guilt. Well done finding a way to profit from an old crime.
We eliminated a murderer, but his bribe tells me that we've let another one go. I wish this could have ended another way.
I liked Aishi better than this coward. She spoke with steel, not silver.
I'm afraid I currently have no room to negotiate. The Ministry of Harmony will be watching this silver.
You have a cold heart in that lovely body.
Your silver is richly deserved. Take it with the thanks of the entire Empire.
I'm a strong candidate to look after the slaves for the Wall. It will be a delightful opportunity to *cod6*test*cod6* them.
Hello again, citizen. I'm still looking for some competent help in tracking down a pair of criminals, if you're interested.
Creative Yukong has left the city.
I don't need your praise. I'm just here for the silver.
I'm interested. Tell me what you need done.
You've got a deal.
If you'll hold to your earlier offer of more generous rewards, I'll do it.
I'm too good for standard rates. Offer me something better.
[Charm] Surely this money doesn't come out of your pocket. The Empire won't miss a few extra coins.
[Intimidation] From the sounds of it, you bargain the army's money away pretty often. Who would I talk to about that?
[Intuition] If everyone else bargains, you must have extra silver set aside for me, too.
At that price, I'm happy to help.
Forget it. I'll do it for the normal fee.
Let's not discuss the bounties quite yet.
I'm not interested right now.
Just answer some questions for me.
I have a bounty I wish to collect.
The poor deserve your protection, too.
Whatever, I'm just here for the silver.
There are more efficient ways of eliminating peasants.
Communion of the Stream
I should have killed you sooner. You had such promise, but in the end you were just like Second Brother. Soon you will share his fate, as well.
Fortunately, I do not require you to be afraid in order to kill you. You can die in ignorance, like Master Radiant before you. But for what?
Thank you, Third Brother. That is all.
You are dismissed!
Yes, Master Smiling Hawk.
So, you are the new student I have heard so much about. Rarely does someone so young display the ability that you have shown.
I noticed that you did not come from one of our usual schools. Do you mind if I ask you who your real master is?
I don't think I've heard of him. Nevertheless, he obviously taught you well.
Ha! In fact, it is my business, but what of it? If I really wanted to know, I could find out easily enough. I did not mean to offend you by asking.
You have talent, and with Second Brother's death we have need of a new brother.
I asked him to do something for me. He refused.
No? Then what interests you? Wealth, power... everyone has a price.
An interesting thought, though that wouldn't solve my problem. No, we already have two masters here, and that's one too many.
Let me be blunt. Master Radiant is holding this school back. He's holding *me* back. Radiant is weak. He follows the way of harmony; his methods are slow and pitiful.
This school belongs to me! I want Master Radiant removed, and you're the one to do it. You have certain abilities that will enable you to defeat my rival.
I would deal with it myself... if I could. However, Radiant is a unique problem... and you are the solution.
Master Radiant is... resistant to my style. But you... you are something different, I could sense it as soon as you arrived.
Ha! I cannot deal with Radiant... and Third Brother is no where near as powerful as I am. No... you have something that neither of us have... I can sense it.
You are the only one here capable of defeating Master Radiant. And rest assured, I will reward you extremely well for ridding me of him.
To begin with, you'll have to deal with First Brother Kai. Destroy him, and you'll be left only with Radiant, but together they would be too powerful.
So, First Brother is already winning you over I see. He is pathetic, and so is his precious master.
Do as I ask, and I will teach you things that no one else can. I also have a few rare items that should appeal to you.
Simply kill First Brother and Master Radiant. The task is straightforward.
You are a fool! You could have had everything. Instead, you will not survive your match with Third Brother. I will see to it. Now get out!
Do not return until First Brother and Master Radiant are dead.
With only you to stop me, I'm afraid there will be no other choice.
I will give you one chance to change your mind. Now that you've seen what Radiant truly is... help me remove him and I will reward you.
I liked you, and I had so hoped we could come to some sort of... agreement. But I suppose that just won't...
...work.
Now I will give you a demonstration of true skill.
Unfortunately, you won't be around long enough to learn from it.
Understand the Way of the Closed Fist
He's attacking Master Smiling Hawk!
She's attacking Master Smiling Hawk!
If you wish to aid Scholar Six Heavens, it seems you will have to prove yourself a follower of the Way of the Closed Fist and then talk to him again in Tien's Landing.
I know your kind. Assassin!
Master Smiling Hawk... you killed him!
What? No! First Brother sent me to find you. He was worried Master Smiling Hawk's followers might overwhelm you. I can see that isn't the case.
Master Radiant and First Brother are waiting for you. I'll go tell them that you survived.
Very impressive. Your skills are powerful and... unique. I can't tell what it is exactly, but it certainly seems to serve you well. Come, we must speak privately.
At last, I can rule this school like it was meant to be ruled. No more of that interfering old man. I've always preferred his room to mine as well. This will do nicely.
And you... you have certainly earned a share of the spoils. Take whatever you find in Master Radiant's room.
You have earned your reward, but I have some... terms. You must agree to remove yourself as a student of the Black Leopard School.
Do you really need to ask? I would be a fool to give you such power and then allow you to remain a student here. I just gained control, I will not give it up to you.
I didn't? It must have slipped my mind at the time. Nevertheless, these are the terms.
Good bye, and good fortune to you.
My debt is paid, and now you must go. Take what you can from Master Radiant's room on the way out. And remember, you are no longer a student here.
I'm not afraid of you, Smiling Hawk!
You said you had some items of interest.
I certainly hope you have something better to offer me!
Why must I quit the school?
You said nothing about terms!
I've no more interest in your school. Give me my reward.
Master Smiling Hawk's sole advantage is stealing others' power, but he can't steal from me what he's already stolen, or so he believes.
Master Li of Two Rivers.
Why do you want to know?
That's none of your business.
I've heard a rumor that the man leading the bandits seemed to know Master Li, but I really couldn't say why.
What happened to Second Brother?
I'm not interested in becoming Second Brother.
Forget it! I want to be master!
Deal with this yourself. I want no part of it.
Why do you need me to help you?
Why not get Third Brother to do it for you?
I would never hurt First Brother Kai or Master Radiant.
And what do I get in return for all of this?
I'm starting to like the sound of this.
No. I would rather die than help you!
I'll do it, but I expect to be paid well.
I can't allow you to remain master of this school!
Why do you hate Radiant so much?
It's scary to think they came here with a purpose, though. Why don't you ask Master Li?
I'd rather die!
You are crazy if you think I'd join you.
All right. I'll help you, but I expect to be well paid.
Do you have any idea why someone would be looking for Master Li?
Oh, I know. That rumor spread very quickly, though not many people want to talk about it. It's quite disturbing, so some people prefer to pretend they never heard it.
My fear is strong!
What about it? Do you wish to defend his honor?
I could not let him ruin the school. Will you be joining him?
He chose his fate. Attack me and your fate will be similar.
Default Settings
Yukong didn't seem like that bad a guy.
Just pass some of the motivation my way and I'll be happy.
No. Losing an exceptionally talented servant like you is of no benefit to me, even if acolytes are expendable. They die often in the machinations between masters.
You are perceptive. It is a tricky matter and therefore a good test for an otherwise expendable acolyte. Your kind die often in the machinations between masters.
The politics of the Lotus Assassin order are complicated. It is all right if murder is *suspected*, so long as it appears deserved because of incompetence.
Miss Chan Banished
That is your task to figure out, acolyte! This is a dangerous place. Find a way for him to have an accident that disgraces him. I, of course, must not be implicated.
I am your master here. Do this and you will be favored. This is a dangerous place, it should be simple for Shin to have an accident that does not implicate me.
Proceed, but do not waste my time.
I will hear you.
Shards infuse the golems with life. Souls are extracted from the vessel that holds them, whether a corpse or slave, and sealed within a crystal shard.
The more recent and brutal the death, the more effective the golem. Our soul extraction process is deliberately painful.
Essence gems are trinkets that can focus minimal amounts of chi. There are very few people who can make use of them effectively.
Golems are utterly obedient, but that does not mean they are always easy to control. In great numbers there can be... discord.
Jade Golems are infused with spirit shards made of multiple souls. They are highly ordered servants, and they serve as pacifiers for other golems.
One or two golems can be controlled by will alone, but an army requires these jade intermediaries to maintain order. Such numbers are dangerous without a lieutenant.
I do not know. Hundreds? More? Many are here, waiting for a Jade Golem to command them. In the end, we will replace the weaklings of the Imperial Army entirely.
Imagine it, acolyte. An army of loyal, nearly indestructible golems, dedicated to enforcing the will of the Emperor under Death's Hand. A beautiful sight.
You already know enough about him. He is insufferable, concerned only about his own advancement. He sabotages my efforts at every turn.
When he is gone, I will ascend in rank, and I will reward acolytes that are loyal to me. Perhaps I will even introduce you to Grand Inquisitor Jia in the heart of the fortress.
He is no longer a concern, thanks to your efforts.
Remember your tasks, acolyte. Create a spirit shard in the extraction chamber for the Jade Golem, and find a creative way to kill and disgrace Master Shin.
Finish your task, acolyte. Oversee the creation of a spirit shard in the Soul Extraction chamber.
Finish the task I have given, acolyte. Find a creative way to disgrace and kill Master Shin.
Ah, that is true. I like that you do not suffer formality. I have struggled under the weight of the same thing from others, myself.
Well done, acolyte. I knew it was best to keep your mind intact. When you finish making the Jade Golem spirit shard, I will introduce you to Grand Inquisitor Jia.
The inner chambers are not usually accessible to acolytes, but you have proven a valuable ally. You will go far in the Lotus Assassins.
So, you are done with the extractor. That spirit shard will allow the Jade Golem to control a battalion of clay golems. Eliminate Shin, and I will present you to Jia.
Yes, acolyte? Why have you chosen to disturb me, instead of working on the tasks I have set before you?
Yes, I am aware. When you have finished your other task for me, I will let you present it in the inner sanctum of the fortress.
That will be a great honor for a Lotus Acolyte. You may even meet Grand Inquisitor Jia.
Hmm... an interesting idea. It has happened before, and the victim was certainly considered a fool for letting it occur, but it is impossible.
You may as well try and drop one of the golems on him. He would never be so distracted as to enter the press. We are Lotus *Assassins,* after all.
A possibility, but Shin does not leave the inner chambers often. Only to inspect the new slave shipments arriving in the Hall of Induction.
You would have to close a great many eyes to get away with an assassination in the hall and moving the body to the press, but it would certainly send a message.
The hall cleared of all witnesses, the press operator distracted, and the slave shipment stopped outside in the Necropolis before it arrives? A daunting list of tasks.
We have warriors across the Empire, and other Jade Golems that are not corrupted. You have diminished us, but it is not a mortal wound.
A terrible tragedy has reached my ears. Our respected Master Shin has met his end in a rather embarrassing fashion.
I came quickly after hearing of his stumble. Perhaps it was the cold of the sanctum that made him careless and dulled his senses.
Open the press.
How unfortunate. I will make certain he is dead, but not from too close. I don't want to share his tragically foolish fate.
Yes, quite dead. How unfortunate.
We should honor our fallen comrade, but I am distracted by thoughts of who will take his place. I think the choice is obvious.
Master Shin is coming to inspect the new slaves in the Hall of Induction. If you have a plan in place to entrap him, go there now!
Very good, acolyte, very good, indeed. You have secured a promising future for your master despite some minor disruptions.
I trust I have made myself clear?
Yes, Master Shin.
I thought so. Do not let anything delay you further. It would be a shame to once more remind Grand Inquisitor Jia how incompetent you are.
Yes, an absolute shame.
What do you want? So help me, if you are just some wandering slave, I'll have you butchered to color the clay golems.
Wait, no, you are the one I was told to expect. A new recruit. Hmph, as if I don't have enough trouble watching over the other fools in my care.
Your best is no longer the limit of what we expect, despite what you have achieved elsewhere. You will be reconstructed into the perfect obedient slave.
If you survive, then you will be an Assassin. For now, you are a Lotus Acolyte, and your life expectancy is not long.
Follow me down to the central chambers when you are ready to begin your indoctrination. Do *not* keep me waiting. A battalion of golems stand idle.
You are no Assassin yet, fool, despite what you may have achieved outside. Here we strip you down to nothing and rebuild you as we like.
Damn the heavens for the fools I lead! I am destined to suffer for their incompetence, and I have one man to blame for it! Shin!
The old scorpion had one of his followers shatter a spirit shard during training. There are ghosts everywhere! I've lost eight slaves and three acolytes to them.
You, new-blood! Get over there and occupy those ghosts until I can get real Lotus Assassins to clean them up. Golem production cannot be delayed by this!
Go on, it's your first sacrifice for your new life. I'm sure it will be glorious.
I gave you an order, acolyte! Go spill your new blood on those ghosts while I get some real Assassins in here!
You... you live. And the ghosts are gone? Well, I did not expect this. It would seem that I have a competent acolyte for once. Interesting.
Recruits are rarely of use before we strip them of their outside identities, but you beg a more... interesting application. Could you be the one I have waited for?
I need a favored protege, someone willing to risk everything in my service. I will preserve your intellect, allow your inventive mind to remain, in exchange for two tasks.\n
Your duties would normally include a period of deprivation in a cell until every hint of self and identity was stripped away. It is a draining, brutal awakening.
One is your duty anyway. The other is something to secure your future at the heart of the Assassins. Lotus Acolytes are utterly expendable. You deserve better.
You must operate the Soul Extractor, past the room where you fought the ghosts. In the coming weeks, you will help swell the ranks of the Empire's glorious golem army.
Golems are fueled by the souls of the dead. The recently dead, it turns out, make far more obedient and powerful golems. Especially if brutally killed.
We no longer mine the Necropolis for souls that linger near their resting place. We butcher slaves instead, and extract their souls into spirit shards.
It cannot be as simple as that, or he would be dead now.
Return to Shen and tell him Miss Chan has been banished.
How do I go about doing that?
I am not certain I want to do your dirty work.
I have some questions, Master Gang.
I want to ask about golems and shards.
What are spirit shards? Are they similar to essence gems?
What is so important about the Jade Golem?
How many golems have been produced?
Tell me about Master Shin.
A simple matter. What else?
You speak as if I have a choice. You can order what you want.
So, favored students are spared some pain? I agree.
I am no mere student. I earned my place here.
I have the spirit shard for the Jade Golem.
Master Shin would be disgraced if killed by the golem press.
Then I will kill him and put him in there.
He could meet his end elsewhere. Something could be arranged.
Death's Hand will be here soon. You will be my gift to him, drawn as you were by your precious amulet. Live or die, the will of the Emperor be done!
I will endeavor to serve as best I can.
You will find me a competent Assassin, I assure you.
I welcome the compliment. I hope I serve you well.
I will serve as needed, Master Gang.
And what is the second task, Master Gang?
You wish me to take the blame for such an act?
When the Jade Golem is done, have a normal spirit shard made and replace this clay golem. The ranks must be full when the Jade Golem is activated.
No, you are free.
I am the Watcher, and this is the fortress of the Lotus Assassins. It was built amid the graves of a thousand generations, the tomb of the Emperor at its core.
Come, I will show you to the Hall of Induction. If you have servants, they will be allowed to accompany you, but you are responsible for their actions.
Formed from the defunct Order of the Lotus, the Lotus Assassins are an extension of the Emperor, as dictated by Death's Hand and implemented by Grand Inquisitor Jia.
Thanks to her direction, we are becoming the face of power in the Empire. The Imperial Army will soon be stationed only at taverns and fish markets.
The great golem army constructed here will spread across the Empire. Our masters will be all-powerful. You will assist, if you survive. Weak recruits die quickly.
Master Gang is one of our trainers. He will be your master as you seek to become an Assassin. He is harsh, but his knowledge will be invaluable to you.
You will find him at the opposite end of the Hall of Induction, near the entrance to the central chambers. Do not keep him waiting.
What do you wish?
What would you like to know?
Death's Hand is the one who brings us the will of the Emperor, but Grand Inquisitor Jia rules in his absence.
Death's Hand rules us all. We obey him in all things, for he is the will of the Emperor. There is no more to tell. Our lives are his.
Grand Inquisitor Jia is the foremost acolyte of Death's Hand. She was one of the first converted from the old Order of the Lotus, and she is fearsome in her power.
You would be wise to never even give the *appearance* of challenging her. She takes offense easily, and even masters have been killed for displeasing her.
She is not *found* by just anyone. Excel in your tasks, and perhaps you will be blessed with her attention. Fail, and you will be cursed with it.
I will answer, but you should not delay your duties.
This was to be the tomb of the Emperor. It rests in the heart of the Necropolis, the accumulation of thousands of years of the Empire's dead.
It was the perfect place to begin constructing the utterly loyal golem forces the Emperor demanded through Death's Hand. We could harvest all the spirits we need.
They are the perfect soldiers: unrelenting, obedient, the ideal that all Lotus assassins aspire to achieve. Slaves that die to be golems are blessed.
No, you fool, we harvest *spirits.* Many linger where their body is interred, although the freshly dead produce a far more responsive golem.
I saw no one. Only the most skilled of our number can enter this place without my knowing. I am the Watcher.
May the will of Death's Hand and the Emperor guide you.
Go to your teacher, acolyte. Do not keep him waiting. The far end of the hall, at the entrance to the Central Chambers.
Tell me about the leaders of the Lotus Assassins.
Tell me about Grand Inquisitor Jia.
Where can I find Grand Inquisitor Jia?
I want to return to my questions.
Tell me about this fortress and the golem army.
Why are you constructing golems?
Do you harvest bodies from the Necropolis?
Did someone try to enter the fortress just before I did?
I don't have any more questions for now.
Farewell, Watcher.
You must be Master Gang's latest acolyte. I heard there might be a new recruit, but they typically aren't ready for service so quickly. Stripping a will can take time.
But, Master Gang is known for being generous to those who please him. You must be quite exceptional to be allowed into service so... directly.
Fight! It is our only chance!
Vermin! I'll kill you all!
My own demons distract me in this place, but I hold no love for your new master or the master above him. If you kill one, why not two?
This device is the Soul Extractor. It has a loftier name, but we are here to glorify Emperor Sun through Death's Hand, not pay tribute to some distant celestial lord.
It is mounted on an elevator that reaches deep into the Necropolis. Until recently we excavated bodies to extract spirits that lingered near their graves.
The results were... unpredictable. Now we use slaves. Freshly killed spirits make the best golems. The more painful the death, the better. The extractor is not gentle.
I am a Lotus Acolyte, like you. My name is unimportant. I have not yet earned the right to have a title. I must prove my worth through service here.
Then you should select a suitable victim for the procedure. I would recommend one of the slaves on the prison level.
Selecting from elsewhere could bring unfortunate results, and I would not wish to see you disgraced so early in your time with us.
Use the lever to select a floor, and this platform will move there. You are free to go where you wish, but I would avoid the lower mines. They are... restless.
What kind of questions?
If you must. It is a simple machine to operate. I'm sure you will come to enjoy the subtle joys of it.
Spirits that die in trauma can linger near their mortal form. The Empire is soaked in blood; many restless dead haunt the Necropolis. But slaves produce a better result.
Only on the prison level. Many of the mines are impassable. The graves were never intended to be stable during excavation. Several have collapsed.
Much of the surrounding ground is weak. We do not march too many golems at once. Even that might shake something loose.
Slaves are placed in the extractor, and the extraction fluid produces exquisite agony. Focused by this pain, the soul is forced to crystallize into a spirit shard.
That shard is implanted in a golem, infusing it with the energy of the deceased soul. Your task is the creation of a new shard for a Jade Golem. Do not delay.
Your place in the ranks of the Assassins is clear. What do you want to know?
Death's Hand owns my soul, as he does yours and everyone else who has given themselves to him. In obedience and submission, we find our purpose.
He is the living will of the Emperor. Through him, we are closer to the heart of the Empire.
Grand Inquisitor Jia is the embodiment of the will of Death's Hand, even as *he* is the will of the Emperor. She governs us all while he is elsewhere.
To defy her is to defy the Empire. Death is her first and last means of education on the matter.
It is our home, but not for much longer. With the golem forces of the Emperor almost complete, there is little to tie us here. When the army marches, so shall we.
I do not imagine we will leave much behind us. The ground here is weak. Such a movement of power will likely shake the walls to their foundation.
You should get on with your work. Grand Inquisitor Jia is growing impatient for the Jade Golem to be completed. Select a suitable victim, and create a spirit shard.
What is this? Who opened the slave cells?
Distractions are the key to weakness in a target. If you look to the future, Master Gang will have his plans come crashing down on him.
I must make a spirit shard for the Jade Golem.
I want to ask about the extractor and spirit shards.
Do corpses still have souls to extract?
You store slaves here?
How does the extractor function?
Let's return to my other questions.
Tell me about the Lotus Assassins and our leaders.\n
Tell me about the fortress.
A welcome exercise, actually. We can always get more slaves.
The slaves in the cells are all dead. You will have to wait for new ones to be brought in from the outlying areas.
What? Then I will deal with them! They will not have the honor of dying for the extractor!
The slaves have freed themselves. They need to be killed.
Why are you here, slave?
How many slaves have passed through here?
I may try to help you.
Get there on your own. I've done enough for you.
Just one. If you can't handle him, you don't deserve freedom.
If you don't hurry, there will be more. Go!
I will remove the guard when I am done with the extractor.
The guard is dead. Go now.
You were strong enough, they weren't. Thank yourself.
Go before I regret letting even you live!
I can't let this continue! This area is my responsibility! I don't care who you are!
So, you are the new Lotus Acolyte under Master Gang. No one else has reason to be here. He was quick to favor you. New recruits are typically held in isolation.
The press is simple to use. Using this machine, we can create a legion of warrior golems in a day.
You there! Stand aside, or risk the ire of the Lotus Assassins.
Death's Hand is master of us all. It is by his whim that we live and die, for his is the will of the Emperor. Obey him, or fall before his might.
These prisoners must be delivered to the fortress to be inspected by Master Shin. I will not allow you to make me late.
I will return to my tasks.
A fine slaughter, even if there was no challenge. I will return to our agents in the city and demand fodder of better quality.
If they don't deliver, perhaps I will enlist their assistance more directly. You have inspired me, acolyte. You will make a fine Assassin.
And why is that? Keep your reason short, or you'll be dead before you're done.
You are mad to test an Assassin! I'll kill you where you stand!
A mere acolyte will steal my work to gain favor? What are you, one of Gang's little children? I serve Master Shin, and I do not take orders from acolytes!
[Success] You make a good point, acolyte. I am not used to your kind being so persuasive. Perhaps you *will* be a force to contend with.
Very well, I will let you deliver these slaves. Be certain they arrive in good order! If I suffer any loss of standing, I swear you will answer for it!
You have my assistance, acolyte. Do not abuse it.
She is merciless, violent, and sadistic. You would do well to emulate her.
Er, and my efforts to accelerate his training.
A mere acolyte questions the quality of my work? I am not laughing, child. Why should I allow this?
This is only one step. Here we create husks, devoid of energy. Each golem needs a spirit shard to move, and a Jade Golem must guide them all.
For each shard, a spirit must be reduced to its essence. For a time we used those that lingered near their graves, mining them as if they were silver. No longer.
The recently dead make a stronger, more obedient golem, if the death is painful. With a Jade Golem guiding them, legions act as one, utterly obedient.
The average citizen of the Empire is worthless. They are nothing more than cattle. In this, they can at least serve some useful purpose.
The press is simple to operate. You select the type of body at the first station. Once the material is poured, it is funneled to the press.
The press serves as a mold and a kiln. In short order it can be opened and the new body is ready to be moved. The crane controls are at the end of the ramp.
You can experiment with each station if you want, but you may as well reduce what you produce to rubble. There are no shards to power any more golems for now.
[Success] Hrm... they are not the best I have encountered, and Master Shin did say he needed good quality slaves for a special project.
Bah, I can't take the risk of earning his displeasure. You are right to warn me, acolyte. Help me dispose of these worthless sacks.
Ready, you lot? The good acolyte says you are so worthless you should die! I say I agree! Defend yourselves so your deaths are at least entertaining!
Mwaaah! Heavens help us!
[Failure] You fail to convince me of anything except your impudence, acolyte! I will not accept this!
Defend yourself, fool. I will suffer this delay no longer!
I don't know your face. You don't even bear our markings. State your intent before I end this encounter... and your life.
I cannot allow this delivery to take place.
[Intimidation] You do not dare insult your masters with such poor wares!
Grand Inquisitor Jia directs us all in the absence of Death's Hand. She is one of the few that survived the transition of the Lotus Order into the Lotus Assassins.
Don't you recognize one of your own? Stand down!
They will not be delivered. Abandon them or fall, slave driver!
[Lie] I am an acolyte. I will deliver the slaves to gain favor.
[Charm] Two allies of moderate influence are stronger than one alone.
Has the Emperor ever visited this fortress?
Shut up, Gang. Your contribution has been noted.
Now, we must complete the ritual. A score of clay golems stand idle without a focus. This Jade Golem will awaken them all, direct them as one.
Insert the spirit shard. Let this legion of immortals give glory to our masters!
I command you all, be ready for the orders of Death's Hand. The will of the Emperor!
What? What is wrong? I command you! I demand that you obey!
[Intuition] Your master has enemies. You need other allies.
[Intimidation] Do not question me! You want me as an ally as I ascend!
I am an acolyte. These slaves are substandard. Kill them, and get more.
[Charm] Just a friendly gesture to save the order the loss of a fine agent.
[Intuition] Your standing will be lessened if they are considered weak.
What is going on here? Where are my slaves? The golems require spirit shards!
Our power must be growing at an incredible rate.
You kill people to make shards for the golems?
Attendants, do you know anything about this? Blood will flow if the extractor is left idle because of this! Someone has disobeyed my orders!
You... you are Gang's new acolyte. I see what is happening here. You think to promote your master by threatening me. You are bold, but foolish.
Was this empty hall arranged to make me vulnerable? A miscalculation. I am one of Grand Inquisitor Jia's favored! I will not fall to the likes of you!
I regret that there will be no slaves delivered today, Shin.
Your orders are worthless. No one is here to receive them.
What is this? Another acolyte feeling their way around in the dark?
Lotus Acolyte Du Gah
Lotus Acolyte Jin Tao
If we are able to create that many golems, why haven't we?
Sometimes I wonder if I am ready to train with others of such skill, even in the robes of a junior student. I feel a long way from my home in the Imperial City.
I will instruct you on the use of the golem press and crane. Forming the golems is an honored task that elevates us above slaves and mere servants.
One or two golems can be controlled by will alone, but larger numbers are unwieldy. They grow confused, their wills creeping back and bringing madness.
Jade Golems keep order. Command a Jade Golem and you command them all. The current legion has not yet been assigned a Jade Golem.
Master Gang will probably order you to help with that, if he has not done so already.
What do you wish to know, acolyte? There is much to learn if you want to ascend in the order.
Beyond the veil of death, if you impose your presence uninvited. Master Gang may present you if you please him, but even he has few opportunities to appeal to her.
No, and there is no reason for him to. I would throw myself in the press if even his robes were discolored by the dust of the machine.
I have no doubt that Grand Inquisitor Jia would... extend my demise if I did not.
You test my patience, acolyte.
The Extraction Chamber is a far more interesting place to work. The screams over there are music. Here, we have only the creaking of clay.
Is that so? Why should I step aside for a new-blood acolyte? I have my own position to think about, and I will not be so easily replaced.
If you bring an order from Master Gang, I will relent, as he is my master, too. Until then, I am not moving.
I see. The ways of the order are mysterious and brutal. If an... opening is created away from witnesses, all of us under him will benefit. I understand.
I will tend to the golems that are being readied for the Jade Golem's command. I do not think I will be able to return to this room today.
But... a thought occurs to me: If one opening raises us all, two openings will raise us further. If something were to befall the good master....
Just something you might want to ponder.
You nearly saw one as you entered, but they are rare. Falling victim to an obvious danger like a dropped golem--or worse, the press--would take a monumental fool.
The machines are loud, and you can see the operator from anywhere in the room. A past victim of the press suffered more damage after the incident than during it.
Reputations are very important in the Lotus Assassin order. Falling victim to the press would cause a loss in status almost fatal in and of itself.
You do not need to know much. We can make husks right now, but there will be no more spirit shards until the Jade Golem is completed.
Clay golems are weaker, but can be made swiftly. Bronze golems are stronger and heavier, but they take longer to construct.
Jade Golems are the strongest of that size, but they are a topic all their own.
Perhaps, but they are constructed elsewhere and are only deployed in siege situations. True monsters to behold.
Very few are made. They are expensive and difficult to construct, but they are also essential. A single Jade Golem can direct and pacify a legion of others.
What do you mean by *cod6*direct and pacify?*cod6*
Where can I find her?
I need to relieve you at this post. You must leave the room.
Your position depends on Master Gang's. I can raise him *if* there are no prying eyes.
Master Gang would rather not be associated with what I am planning.
Tell me about the crane and press.
Tell me about the different golems.
What are the different kinds of golems?
Of that size? Are there larger ones?
Why is the Jade Golem special?
You're right. Master Li would not have accepted me if he did not see potential. He measures all people carefully.
I haven't yet settled in. My studies in the Imperial City were far inferior to the instruction you've had.
You're right. Sometimes I just feel that I'm so far behind you that I may never catch up.
What can I do to help you?
Is there something you need from me?
Everyone is talking about Gao the Lesser's expulsion, of course. I knew he wasn't... disciplined, but that was truly out of line. There's always you, of course.
I haven't been here long enough to hear anything but rumors. Everyone prefers not to think about that place. I certainly don't envy you for having to go down there.
Communion of the Dragon
I'm no map maker, but I know the basics of the way the Empire is laid out. What do you want to know?
Chi +5*cod2**cod2*The Spirit Monks have long used the meditation wheels lining the entryway of Dirge's inner temple to aid their meditations. Only one of the wheels operated when you meditated before them, and you gained only a small benefit from your moment of reflection.
It was a beautiful place to grow up: the brightest minds, the most noble houses, all the greatest warriors gather there. It's truly the most vibrant place in the world.
I'm glad to be here, don't get me wrong. Two Rivers, though, is very... peaceful. I'm used to a more hectic pace, I think. It's taking me some time to adjust.
Health +5*cod2*Chi +15*cod2**cod2*With five of the ancient meditation wheels of Dirge spinning as you meditated, you soon realized that, like the amulet, the wheels were merely a training tool. You feel closer to understanding the nature of the Water Dragon than before, and with that understanding comes power. How you choose to use it remains to be seen.
Two Rivers is quiet... subdued. This province has a lot of rich agricultural land. Actually, fields cover pretty much everything south of the Great Southern Forest.\n
From the scattered pages you have recovered, this tome seems to outline some sort of ritual. While the ritual deals with curses of some sort, it's hard to make out exactly what effect it might have if performed.
You seem to have roughly half of the missing sections from this ancient book. From what you can piece together, the Tome of Release details a ritual that can free spirits bound to a place by a curse or other magic. If what you read is correct, this ritual might be enough to disperse the ghosts of the last Imperial Army soldiers still trapped in Dirge. You'd need to find additional sections of the tome to be sure, though.
They consider farmers uneducated rustics, though they'd use less... polite terms. They'd change their tune if they could see such a skilled tutor as Master Li out here.
You almost have all of the missing sections of the Tome of Release, and except for a few key elements, you could almost perform the ritual outlined within. Doing so would clearly free the spirits of the last few Imperial Army soldiers who haunt Dirge.*cod2**cod2*This section of the Tome makes it clear that the ritual must be performed at the shrine dedicated to Mah Tsung the Water's Source, one of the first Spirit Monks. Elevated to the heavens for his tireless service to the Water Dragon, his influence is said to guide the invoked magic.
The Empire is divided into four massive provinces. This area, largely agricultural, is the Golden Delta. To the north lies the Seat of Heaven, which holds the Imperial City.
In the Prosperous East, you can find port cities like Phoenix Gate. To the west lie the Hills of the Six Holy Scrolls. I know little about those two provinces, though.
Don't let me distract you from the people singing your praises for defeating the bandits. I should get back to my studies so I can one day match your greatness.
I'm sorry, senior student. I must attend to my studies so as not to waste anyone's time.
I've heard that Dawn Star is missing!
Given the way you treat some of us, I'd be almost surprised if you cared, but I'm not going to hold a grudge if you need my help.
If anyone can find her, it's you.
Master Li once asked me not to use the style I learned in the Imperial City. It was a fair request, so I agreed. Gao should have known better than to use a forbidden style.
Those bandits learned a hard lesson! Master Li is not a man to stand by while the town is attacked. Same with you. When something has to be done, you do it.
What would bandits want with a sleepy town like Two Rivers? They're in for a surprise if they think the school won't leap to the town's defense.
It is an honor to be approached by the school's most senior student. My mother had high hopes for this school when she sent me here from the capital.
Do you know anything about the cavern beneath the school?
What can you tell me about places other than here?
It sounds like you miss it.
How do you like this area?
What do people from the city tend to think of this area.
Let's hear about the rest of the Empire.
If you are here, you belong here.
Why do you doubt yourself?
If you believe that you are inferior, you make it true.
Stay focused and you will succeed.
Your whining does nothing but waste our master's time.
If you are too weak to be at this school, leave before you waste our Master's time.
It takes some time for their eyes and skin to adjust. For the first few weeks, they are as easy to kill as newborn kittens.
If we must. What do you want?
Leave us, acolyte.
What do you want, acolyte? We've done our work for the day and don't want to be disturbed. Unless the press is broken, leave us.
What do you want now, acolyte? Unless the press is damaged, you have no reason to speak with us.
What? Which one of you idiots threw off the mixture? Bah, it doesn't matter.
Three days calibrating it for perfect clay husks, and some new-blood fool ruins it in an instant.
The supports for the mold injectors will be charred. We'll have to find a smith to forge new ones. Ugh, what a mess.
I don't want any of you stunted acolytes touching them. In fact, I will request that only full-fledged assassins operate the machine from now on.
So much wasted work. If we don't get it fixed, Jia will have us slaughtered.
I know, I know. We need to go to the market district and find a smith. Come on. We're wasting time.
I don't need you to tell me that, acolyte. I swear, I'm going to recommend that your kind never touch it again.
That is unfortunate, because the needs of an acolyte are of little concern.
Our tasks are done for the day, but Grand Inquisitor Jia could request us at any time. We must be ready to respond if the golem press malfunctions.
Nothing short of her order or an emergency repair will move us. Step away, acolyte. You are of no concern to us.
You are right to marvel at its stability. It is a machine in balance. Only errors of its operators have damaged it before.
Several foolish acolytes were killed for damaging it. It's not so hard to use properly. All you do is work the crane and occasionally add Phoenix Oil to the Material Selector.
The measure of oil has been wrong too often. Kia Jong gives it out too freely. I will see to it that your kind are only given pre-measured containers of it.
Gang needs to better train his acolytes. You were obviously rushed through the initiation process.
Phoenix Oil is a viscous liquid that burns at an incredible temperature. It heats the press to cure the golem husks.
If there is too much in the machine, it burns too hot. Too little, and the golems crumble. The merchant brings the oil from the craftsmen of the Golden Delta.
You would not understand the complex balance of gears and sorcery that makes it function. Even flyers are simpler creations.
By the will of the Emperor, Death's Hand had it created.
With parts stolen from some great celestial furnace.
That's nonsense. Not everything our craftsmen create is stolen or gifted from somewhere else. We have the capability on our own.
We keep the golem press functioning. Without us, the machines could not keep up the ambitious pace that Grand Inquisitor Jia has set.
It takes two minds, two pairs of hands to control the inner structures of the press. You fools just see the controls. Inside the machines, it is impossibly complex.
The press malfunctioned. Someone used too much Phoenix Oil.
Will you require assistance?
You better get to it, then.
I need everyone out of the hall.\n
What could cause a machine as sophisticated as the press to break down?
What is Phoenix Oil? Where does it come from?
Tell me about the golem press.
Who built the press?
What is your purpose here?
[These are the controls for selecting which type of golem is to be made. It is locked on *cod6*Clay Golem.*cod6*]
[There is an opening in the side that looks like it accepts clay containers of some kind. Other than that, it seems quite simple.]
[The Lotus Acolyte would see your sabotage. He should be convinced to leave, first.]
[It slides neatly into the machine. It does not take long for a malfunction to occur. The machine shuts down.]
[The press is blocked by an existing golem. A new one cannot be made until the previous one is moved with the crane.]
[The controls for the mixer do not appear to be functioning. Too much Phoenix Oil was added.]
[Insert Phoenix Oil container.]
[Make a clay golem.]
[Leave the machine.]
[These are the controls for using the crane to move golems from the press to the walkway. A golem must be in the press for the crane to activate.]
[The golem is easily lifted into the air.]
[The crane swings to the right.]
[The golem smashes to the ground.]
[The crane swings to the left.]
[This function disabled for the safety of those on the main walkway. Golems can only be lowered onto the center walkway.]
[Retrieve the golem from the press.]
[Move crane right.]
[Drop golem.]
[Move crane left.]
A pity that the rest of us don't have the luxury of cowardice.
Who? I don't know anybody by that name. And I don't know anything about slave traders.
Don't you have something else you should be doing? I certainly do.
I suppose you are looking for Dawn Star? I'm sorry, but I haven't seen her.
I wonder if you would look for any of the rest of us with the same interest. Somehow I doubt it.
I'm surprised you don't know where she is. I would have thought you, if anyone, would know.
Gao was a fool to cheat. Our teacher is a kind man, but he is not soft and doesn't tolerate that kind of thing.
You'll face worse things than Gao in the cavern if what I've heard is right. I hope you're ready.
To hear Gao tell it, he singlehandedly beat back the bandits, but I know you did the lion's share. Too bad I was stuck up here minding the younger students.
It would have been great to see Master Li deal with that sorcerer. We so rarely see our Master's true abilities in action.
I may finally get a chance to see some combat if there are truly bandits coming!
I'm sure Master Li will be able to save Kia Min even if she's wounded, but I wonder who will salve her pride? *cod6*Walking along the shore,*cod6* my foot.
Our most senior student has a spare moment to spend with me? An honor!
No, wait, I shouldn't be like that. Master Li always reminds me that jealousy is a low path, and not worthy of one of his students.
I understand your training is almost complete. I wonder who will replace you as our *cod6*example?*cod6*
It certainly won't be me. I can't even imagine Master Li saying, *cod6*You must strive to be like Lin in all things,*cod6* to the others. Just the opposite, more likely.
That makes sense. Is that how you live your life? If so, it certainly seems to be an effective philosophy.
You could just be pouring honey in my ears, but that's not half as fun as other places it could go.
Lin, you're incorrigible.
Oh my, you've gone kind of red. I shouldn't tease you like that.
That's easy enough for you to say. You're already the best in the school. The rest of us just stare at your back.
Of course, there could be worse views.
This from Master Li's favorite. We can't all be blessed with such favor. Any of us could have been the best in the school if we had been Master Li's first student!
Maybe I should spend more time training and less time worrying about where I stand in the school.  How else will I be good enough to take you down one of these days?
Besides, there might be bigger things to worry about. I find myself intrigued by the ghost tales that everyone's mentioning.
I don't need to take this. Your impending graduation has clearly gone to your head, and if you ask me, it can't come soon enough.
Something on your mind?
Come to think of it, he was muttering threats under his breath. That's just Gao, so I didn't think anything of it.
No one really knows anything about that cavern, except that Master Li has strictly forbidden us to go in there.
He has always said that it is a place of final testing. I hear whispered rumors that there's something horrible down there.
I even asked around town and there's old, old stories of masters before ours sending students into that cavern, and the students never finding their way out.
I don't have a clue, but I don't envy you having to go down there. Then again, you are the strongest of us, as we're so often reminded, so you'll be fine.
This is all rumor, mostly gossip from the people in Two Rivers.
As I said, no one really knows what's down there. Well, no one but you, once you tell Master Li you're ready.
Tales of people being haunted by loved ones, and mad ghosts attacking people on the roads or even in their homes.
And Master Li accepts Dawn Star's ability to see and sense things others can't. If he believes her, then how could I believe otherwise?
They're exactly what you'd expect: the souls of humans who've died. According to all the legends, when you die your soul travels to the underworld.
Once there, your soul is judged and placed upon the wheel of life so that it can return to this world in a new life.
A soul that doesn't return to the wheel of life becomes a ghost.
According to the stories, ghosts are usually people whose souls are trapped in this world either by circumstance or because they won't let go of their old lives.
The thing is, those circumstances are very rare, and you never heard about ghosts ten years ago. Now everyone's talking about them.
It's like something has happened, and people aren't leaving this world like they should be. Either that, or it's mass hysteria, but I can't believe that explanation.
We can always discuss this privately if you're curious, but I'm interested in Lin's impressions.
From what I understand, Dawn Star is very sensitive to magic and to the spirits we call ghosts. She sees things that others can't.
Sometimes she knows things that she shouldn't. I really can't say if it is intuition or something else.
That was my first question when I started hearing these rumors. Apparently they can look just like us, though possibly pale and faded.
Some ghosts have been around a long time, and apparently they begin to change. They grow distant from their bodies and become more monsters than people.
The scary thing is that a lot of the stories I've been hearing are about these old ghosts, the ones that look like monsters. It just doesn't make sense.
I suppose we all owe you our thanks, just like always.
If you want Master Li to say it, don't give him a choice. Be the best you can.
Don't worry about following others. Walk your own path.
You lack the skills and the discipline to be a leader.
You're right. I shouldn't underestimate your skills.
You flatter yourself. Time does not excuse your clumsy strikes.\n
Do you know what this horrible thing is supposed to be?
Where did you learn about the cavern?
What exactly are these ghosts?
Where do these ghosts come from?
Tell me more about Dawn Star's sensitivity.
What do ghosts look like?
Dawn Star wanted to be here when you left the cavern, but she's gone. If you ask me, something's wrong.
I don't know where she could have gone, but Wen or Lin might have some idea. You could ask in town as well.
Gao was a fool for challenging you. He's good, but you've always been stronger. He just wouldn't admit it to himself.
Thing is, your *cod6*prize*cod6* is going into the cavern beneath the school. To hear Lin tell it, that place is going to challenge even you.
Next to nothing. I know Master Li forbids us to go in there until our final test, but that's about the only fact I have.
I hate repeating stories that aren't my own. Lin has no such qualms, so go ask her about the cavern.
Glad to see you're still well. By most reports, you faced down many of those bandits yourself. Impressive, senior student.
Who else? Gao the Lesser won't let a chance to glorify himself slip away.
That's the difference a lifetime of practice will make. I'm sure their survivors learned a lesson.
Now you're sounding ever so slightly like Gao.
To hear Gao's side, he pushed back the bandits, but I know you dealt with the greater share of them.
Of course, it was best that our Master was there to deal with that sorcerer. The stories about their confrontation spread quicker than a plains fire.
Bandits coming here? They must not know about the school, or at least about Master Li. He's not a man to stand idly by while people suffer.
If they hurt Kia Min badly, Master Li will be angry. I'd hate to be the captain of that ship if Master Li is angry.
Always good to see you wandering the school. You are the best among us after all, so it makes everyone train a little harder when you're around.
The tricky part is making sure we're emulating you, not hoping to take you down a peg. You should think carefully before bruising the tender egos around here.
Oh, and I did tell you to see Master Li when you have a chance? I'm not taking the blame if you forget.
It's always good to see you again, but I should keep practicing.\n
They'd probably skin me alive if they heard me say this, but Wen and Lin look like they've got a little more free time right now.
Go pester them so they don't pester me.
(Sobbing)
I shall leave you to it. Take care, my friend.
What do you know about the cavern?
What does she say about it?
Most reports? Who disagreed?
They were unskilled and easily beat.
I just wish Master Li had let me face their leader.
I don't wish to spar with you right now.
We can find peace for a time at least, maybe until the voice of the shepherd returns so that we can find peace forever.
It means, however, that I must accelerate your training. These invaders discovered us by accident, but as you likely suspect, they are related to your destiny.
You have trained hard and are ready. You will have a pivotal role in some great events, my student... after you return from the Spirit Cave.
I object!
Gao? What is the meaning of this intrusion?
Your pet student is not the only one who fought those outlaws. Perhaps I did not stand in their midst on the beach like a fool, but I did my part!
If you spent less time coddling him, you would have many promising students instead of one.
This is not a matter that can be decided by effort, Gao. There are things at play that you do not understand.
I understand that this student has received preferential treatment and I have suffered for it. Whatever is in this Spirit Cave, I am worthy of facing it too!
If he is truly better than me, let him prove it. I challenge him.
If she is truly better than me, let her prove it. I challenge her.
If you spent less time coddling her, you would have many promising students instead of one.
Sometimes all you learn in defeat, is that you have been defeated. This world is out of balance. Spirits grow restless, and you have a role to play that I have kept secret.
The people are scared... I do not have all the answers, but I know you will become very important to the fates of many. You will be called to face a great evil.
Master! Master Li!
What is this interruption? This had better be important... there is much to say.
Master! Ni Joh came to warn me! He saw a boat from the outlook past the fields! Strange outlaws. They fired... something at him, and Kia Min was injured!
Where is she now?
Still outside the village by the outlook. Ni Joh couldn't carry her. Please come, Master Li. The bandits are not at the village yet, but they could arrive at any time!
Hmm... we will have to continue our discussion later, my student. It appears we have more pressing matters.
The time for practice is over. Go to Gujin the weapon master and get a weapon. You may soon be called to use it.
You will have your chance to fight soon enough. Go to Gujin the weapon master; he has a weapon for you, and you will have need of it before long.
On your way, make certain Dawn Star is aware of the danger. Her skills have always complemented yours, so take her with you.
Slave Driver Rong
No one is denying your skill, Gao.
Cry somewhere else. I am simply better than you.
What would you have me do, Master?
I will fight them! Let me come with you!
I will not have you brawling in the street. If this must happen, it will happen in the ring, as a proper test of your abilities.
Gao, you are restricted to styles that I have taught. I know the dark tutoring your father, Gao the Greater, has imparted, but I won't have any such sorcery here.
Hobbled before I begin. Of course, how else will your precious protégé win?
My student, I do not trust Gao to fight honorably. Consider your attacks carefully. Prepare yourself and return when you are ready.
Remember the basics. They will serve you well.
Then let the fighters meet in the arena.
I will explain what I can after we have dealt with Gao's interruption. I don't want to confuse matters. Trust that I am right.
Return to me when you are ready to address this challenge by Gao.
Gao awaits your signal to start the challenge, my student. Tell me when you are ready and I will have the combat ring prepared.
Fighters, are you ready? This challenge will continue until one of you is incapacitated. This is not a practice bout... injury is a possibility.
A possibility? I think it is more than likely.
So simple, yes? Rat demon help you, now rat demon can go. Yes?
Master? Are you certain this is appropriate?
They have a dispute, and this is the only way to settle it with certainty. It will be an honorable contest. I have restricted Gao from using his father's sorcery.
I said you would regret getting in my way.
Fighters! Begin!
If that is what you wish, I will accept.
I will return when I am ready, Master.
I want to ask about this cave and the bandit leader.
[TUTORIAL: Remember advanced combat lessons]
You can call it a challenge, but my victory will be easy.
I can't believe Gao would kill one of our own.
This has been a terrible day.
I couldn't believe it! He killed him with a single blow, and laughed as this poor boy gasped his last!
You! Gao the Lesser did this! He was dragging some sort of sack and this boy challenged him.
This brave young man stopped Gao and demanded to know what he was carrying.
Could I hear about the outstanding bounties again?
Why did he kill student Si Pat?
I want to hear more about Fading Moon.
Zeng Sai feels you... feels the pain again. So close. So close to perfect chaos, and you ended it all!
With Shin out of the way, I am free to present you and the Jade Golem spirit shard to my masters. I will be lauded, and you will share in my good fortune.
What did you do then?
That was a brave thing you did.
I can't believe you killed your own father.
It must have been very difficult.
Your wits, huh?
I'll bet you were a very dangerous child.
The water's back!
I heard Minister Sheng say he'd hired a young warrior to take care of things.
That young man with the tattoos, right? It was a lucky star that guided him here.
Are you referring to the incident that prompted your exit?
Must be that young man with the yellow sash! Thank heavens.
[Intuition] Consider it an investment. The power structure here is about to... change.
[Intimidation] You want to stay safe, don't you? I'd hate to see you hurt in the coming storm.
What if I compensated your effort with some silver?
How about 1000 silver?
200 silver should suffice.
I could just kill you.
What can you tell me about the Lotus Assassins?
Is it wise to dismiss me? Tomorrow I could be important.
If I ask to see your goods, show them. I won't ask twice.
Your surname is *cod6*Kia?*cod6* I knew a Kia Min once.
She is dead. She fell in an attack related to the Lotus Assassins.
That's it? No righteous rage at the link to the Lotus Assassins?
Let's get back to business.
The last I saw of her, she was well.
A fine girl. Long flowing hair.
Quite short, if I recall.
Her hair was tied in many small knots.
She is... of a spectacular girth.
I don't recall. It has been some time since I saw her.
Do you have Phoenix Oil?
I need this hall cleared. Move to another room.
Perhaps I could persuade you to move.
[Charm] It's just a friendly request from someone who wants you to stay safe.
One Chance
I'm just glad you two got a chance to try those weapons out for real. Looks like they handled themselves well, just like you two.
Something else you need?
It's a sleepy little town usually, and bandit attacks are virtually unheard of. Who wants to rob farmers? Rice isn't worth enough to carry it away.
The best thing about this place is Master Li's leadership. It's like the man was born to it.
I used to be a guard in Broken Path, a little town in the western part of the Empire. It was a sleepy place like this, though the residents were miners, not farmers.
That whole province is called the Hills of the Six Holy Scrolls for a reason. It's rocky, as rich in minerals as it is in ancient temples.
He is worthless for what comes.
After the body takes enough of a beating, it just doesn't fight as well as it once did.
About ten years ago, something just...broke loose. Ghosts stormed out of the hills, dozens of 'em charging from the west.
We tried to fight them, and it worked to some degree, but these ghosts were howling mad. Some of them didn't even look human any more. Like monsters, they were.
They came from the hills in the west, but beyond that, no one knows. The scary part is that these days I hear more and more stories about ghosts haunting the roads.
I wonder if we in Broken Path saw the beginning of whatever is happening now. It's hard to say, but there are an awful lot of rumors about ghosts these days.
I haven't the whisper of a clue. They simply attacked, all transparent and screaming rage in those hollow voices of theirs.
Ghosts can't die, but they can be... dispersed is the best word. They come back after a while, though.
I guess there's no peace for the dead, except to go to the underworld like most everyone does when they die.
We won, but many people joined the ghosts' ranks that day. People were spooked, claiming that the hills were haunted.
Soon enough, Broken Path became an empty path. It was deserted. Still sore from the fighting, I made my way south, to what I've found to be more peaceful lands.
Suit yourself. It's an old saw anyway.
You're right. There's plenty to do.
Dawn Star, I watched you practice with that new blade yesterday, and I must say you take to it naturally. I want you to keep it and use it as your own.
Fight For Your Freedom
How did you end up training at this school?
I doubt this visit will be any less violent than the last.
What made you take up training?
Where did these ghosts come from?
Why would they attack your town?
How could you defeat ghosts?
What happened in the end?
I'll hear the rest of this tale later.
I should let you get back to work.
Come to me when you are ready for the ritual. I will be outside the door to the inner chambers, waiting for their acknowledgement that the Jade Golem is ready.
Are you ready to be presented to my masters and participate in the creation of the Jade Golem? It will be glorious.
Make certain you have finished all other business in the fortress. Lotus acolytes are rarely the same after meeting with Grand Inquisitor Jia.
Yes, now we shall reap the rewards we both deserve.
Hurry back. I do not want to keep them waiting after working so hard for their favor.
I am ready.
I will return shortly.
The ways of the masters are mysterious and secretive. It is best to not ask questions about events that promote your allies.
If Master Gang is promoted to Shin's position, I hope he does not forget the acolytes that served him.
The loss of Master Gang is very distressing. I might shed a tear, had he not beaten them out of me.
Gang and Shin can sort their differences in the underworld. At least we are no longer trapped in the middle.
Hey boys! Look who it is!
Is 'at the one Gao the Lesser's always goin' on about?
I think so! I say we teach a li'l lesson about stayin' in your place when great men like Gao are around!
You're not goin' anywhere! Gao'll give us fat silver bonuses if we teach you a lesson about respect.
We're twice the men you are, drunk or sober!
Uh, this isn't a man.
Shaddup!
Teach this whelp a lesson in manners!
I'm not looking for a fight. I'll just leave.
The earth, the heavens. The living, the dead. All will grovel before my master when he unleashes himself from Dirge.
There's no honor in thrashing a bunch of drunks.
There will certainly be a lesson learned here today. Let's begin.
Preparations are complete. The spirit shard is prepared, thanks to the skills of our newest Lotus Acolyte.
Zeng Sai knows you! Knows your meddling scent! Zeng Sai will destroy you! Destroy it all!
You there, you are Master Gang's new Lotus Acolyte, correct? Master Gang has kept Grand Inquisitor Jia waiting for too long. Where is he?
Fools! They had more important things to do than worry about their personal stations. *My* station is at risk if Jia does not get her Jade Golem!
You were Gang's acolyte. You deal with this and get me the spirit shard I require. Since your master is dead, you may present it in the ritual.
When you have the spirit shard, come to me at the door to the inner chambers. Finish whatever business you have, you will not have time once the ritual commences.
What? No doubt from some petty maneuvering gone wrong. I suppose Shin had something to do with it? Both of them be damned! Jia wants her Jade Golem!
There you are, acolyte. I have been waiting for you, as has everyone involved in this ritual. The Jade Golem must be completed tonight!
Return to me when you have the spirit shard. Only then will you have earned the right to present yourself to Grand Inquisitor Jia in the heart of our fortress.
You have the spirit shard? Very good, acolyte; you are on the verge of being welcomed into the heart of the fortress. Have you completed all other business?
Good. Grand Inquisitor Jia will be pleased, I am sure.
Do not test my patience, acolyte. I am not the fool Master Gang was.
Master Gang and Master Shin have... resolved their differences poorly.
I will bring it to you soon.
I apologize on behalf of my Master. He is dead.
Yes, proceed to the ritual.
What? What do you want?
No, we've got better things to do right now. Maybe I'll feel like talking after I've bloodied up my axes a few more times.
Sheng finally did something right. It must be that young man in the robes who has been around.
Nuh.
What did you do before you were with Lord Yun?
Tell me something about your past.
I expect it was that large fellow with the shoulder pad. Thank heavens things are restored.
That's all for now.
Be safe. Now go!
You are nothing to me. Go.
Run from here. Go.
Er, and my efforts to accelerate her training.
You are very fortunate to be welcomed so quickly into the heart of our order. Grand Inquisitor Jia will be pleased with you.
What is the meaning of this! Who has corrupted this Jade Golem? It is linked to a legion of warriors that now run mad! The foundation will crumble!
Who are... you. Wait. I can... sense it on you. You are the one! You carry the other pieces of the amulet!
I... I'm so sorry, Grand Inquisitor Jia. It is my new acolyte... there was some kind of mistake.
Fool! So blinded by petty schemes that you cannot see a threat in our midst! You are worthless!
And you... hidden in plain sight, like your master. You caught us unsuspecting, but not unprepared. Who are you, to think you could enter our lair so easily?
A simple student? I don't think so. An invader, conspirator, traitor. We survive by seeing the enemy in everyone.
Defeat us? No, we are well insulated against your kind. Whether an invader, a conspirator, a traitor, we survive by seeing the enemy in everyone.
My gravest apologies, Grand Inquisitor Jia. This new acolyte has corrupted the ritual.
I am a simple student searching for his master.
I am a simple student searching for her master.
It doesn't matter what I am. I will defeat you.
There you are. Remember me? I *cod6*welcomed*cod6* you in the hall when you first arrived. Well, I said I wasn't through with you. I've got numbers on my side, now.
Then leave me to deal with Gao and return when you are ready.
Everyone's heard about Gao the Lesser's little outburst. It figures he'd try something like that when he was losing.
Unlike Gao, I want to learn my lessons properly. I would never disgrace myself the way he did.
Gao must have made his way through the gate. As I said, if he's headed for the swamp, he's a fool. There's nothing but bandits and beasts in that direction.
At my age, you don't dwell on dark subjects. There's not enough time to waste. Still....
For generations, masters have used that cave to test students. Not all of them possessed your master's wisdom, though, and some students were... lost.
Superstitious folk say that place is haunted, but I just think it's dangerous. I don't know the nature of that danger, so you be ready for anything.
Tell me more about the cave under the school.
Master Li has asked that no students leave the school until the morning meditations are concluded.
No, of course not! It is just your way, and I would as soon ask you to change it as ask the leopard to shed its spots.
Slaver Documents
I will show them the way, and they can join you. Not me, of course. I'll be there for you if you win, but I have to plan for any possible outcome.
Prosperous tidings. What can humble Hou do to assist you today?
Thank you again for rescuing me from those... things. I owe you my deepest gratitude. Is there some way I can be of assistance?
As you wish. I will be here waiting impatiently if you require anything.
As I mentioned, I am but a simple bun master, with a dear wife who has turned my life into a miserable cesspool devoid of humor and excitement. Bless her soul.
My wife ensures that I work very hard every day to become the best bun master in the Imperial City. Perhaps the best in all the Empire.
Though I was one of the most respected fighters in the Empire before I met my precious bride, she made sure that I became something more... or less.
As I mentioned before, my style requires that I drink. She detests drinking, though there are things she detests even more. Like talk of us... separating.
My loving wife would knead me into several small dumplings and boil me in hot oil if she suspected I was even speaking to you about leaving her.
Life is not all bad though. I may have lost all my dignity and self-respect, along with my ability to fight or even make a tight fist, but I am a bun master of some renown.
Oh yes. I'm very proud of that. Indeed. Something very useful... buns that is. Everybody needs them. Oh yes, very proud.
I would sooner return to the cannibals and offer them what little flesh is left on my bones. Let's not discuss such things, if you don't mind.
I think we need to find that wind map and get out of here. Pardon my craven nature, but I'm afraid it's all I have left after long years of... wedded bliss.
We have the wind map, so I think we should leave... immediately. I have many fine traits, but I'm afraid my backbone has been crushed by years of... wedded bliss.
It would seem we have our work cut out for us. But as my darling wife likes to say, when things are tough... quit your whining and get to work.
I can almost hear her screaming at me now. If ever you find a cure for bad memories, please let me know.
I never realized that getting back to the Imperial City would be so... hazardous to my health. I was hoping the cannibals were the worst thing I would see.
I think we should keep moving. I have a bad feeling that if we stay in one place too long, we won't ever leave.
It would seem that we at last have the means necessary to get us back to the Imperial City, and for that I should be very glad.
However, I must now face the greatest trial of all; My sweet wife will no doubt be waiting for me. Soon my time with the cannibals with be nothing but a fond memory.
Perhaps in a little while. Memories of my wife are... difficult to bear. Especially when she is so very far away, and I may never see her again.
Kill Zhong
Tell me about your life before you were captured.
You killed Zhong the Ox Carrier. Dong Ping will be ruined, but the ogre will no longer scare the patrons in the Teahouse.
The lessons you learn from me, or from any trainer for that matter, will stay with you, and help make you stronger, or better able to focus your mind or magic.
That's too bad, Hou.
Why doesn't she like you fighting?
Just divorce her, and get it over with.
Well, that's something to be proud of. I guess.
When we get you home, I'll speak with your wife.
I think it's time you told your wife what you think.
Tell me more about yourself, Hou.
Let's see what you can learn.
Training has worth, and Master Li allows me to collect a small fee to reinforce this. Travel outside Two Rivers and you will find my prices are *quite* reasonable.
A restless sleep before a battle has now become something worse. It seems that Master Li is manipulating your dreams, or that your dreams are manipulating you. Either way, the burning school you once called home is now the setting of a nightmarish battle.
No, I try to improve base abilities. But through the basics that Master Li has instilled, when you have the opportunity I'm sure you will pick up new styles quickly.
Fair enough. I am patient as the rock facing the wind. What else was on your mind?
Show me what you have.
I wish I'd looked to see what he was dragging. He was heading toward the gate. The only place he could get to on foot is the swamp.
Of course not! I know there's more at stake! Someone will have to pay for the memorial, for flowers, and.... Er, yes, I see what you mean. Very sad.
Maybe you should ask Gujin. He always watches *me* like a hawk, why not others?
Your only concern is that you've lost a potential customer?
Your Master claims the throne and my power. He will rule as a god unless he is stopped.
And where are my Attendants? Delays and laziness will be repaid in blood! No one disobeys the orders of Shin!
If he planned all of this, his lies have spanned years.
Master Li's quarters
Of course. I'm sure you will find my company enjoyable.
A wise preference. No offense intended to your amusing companions.
Of course, I look forward to it.
Travel with me now.
Travel with me now. Dawn Star can go wait at the flyer.
Travel with me now. Zu can go wait at the flyer.
Travel with me now. Hou can go wait at the flyer.
Travel with me now. The Black Whirlwind can go wait at the flyer.
Travel with me now. Wild Flower can go wait at the flyer.
Travel with me now. Sky can go wait at the flyer.
Wait at the flyer. I will speak with you later.
I didn't think there would be so many! They're coming from the beach!
I know you'll stop them. You have to! They're coming from the beach!
The bandits are here! You have to stop them!
There are so many bandits all coming from the beach! I don't want to die!
Where could he go, though? It must have been through town. There's nowhere to hide in the school.
There are more daunting problems to consider. For example, how will you sneak past Sheng's guards to make the switch?
The amulet, its pieces spread like petals to the wind. You have caught a few, but you are far from your peak, and not every golem was linked to this corrupted husk.
Goodbye, Spirit Monk. I will inform Death's Hand of your passing.
There's no trade to be found in stability?
Let's talk about what you can do for me.
Gate to the Golden Way
Is there something you need? If not, we should concentrate on getting the information I require from the Lotus Assassins.
Who's there? More of Gao's soldiers? I'm through hiding. The marsh is outlaw territory!
It is not my job to rescue those who are not strong enough to protect themselves. That is an endless, foolish road.
Discomfort? If it was any smaller I'd have to leave my axes behind. That, or start clearing some room. It can't need *all* of those shiny bits.
There's nothing mysterious about it. Our paths lead in the same direction. Anything else we discuss is between you and I. I'll thank you to keep it that way.
As you wish. I was merely curious. Just a little friendly talk between trusting friends. The group could use a little more of it.
I show interest in beautiful things. I meant no offense. I just want to learn more about my fellows.
I won't, but our cause will not wait for us. Thank you both for your concern.
Your resolve is absolute. I thought Dawn Star might be convinced to be more sensible.
Your station is already... low. Stepping down would serve no purpose, and I doubt you would find it easy to move up.
Oh, certainly. Those without titles regularly declare their unimportance.
I doubt the princess can. Those with titles tend to rely on them too much... and earn a few more along the way.
This ends *NOW*!
He's right, Dawn Star. Don't overdo it.
That is true, Black Whirlwind.
Why do you care about discomfort, Black Whirlwind? You're a warrior.
Come now, Zu, why all the mystery?
Let him be, Sky. We all have our secrets.
You're showing a lot of interest in Dawn Star, Sky.
We all need rest, but we can't stop now.
Enough, Whirlwind. I apologize for his behavior, Princess.
Not everyone places such value in titles, Princess.\n
Arguing about roles is pointless. We need to move beyond this.
Let's hear the details surrounding Creative Yukong.
Why is there a fee?
I am a weapon of vengeance. I seek the head of Death's Hand!
I am a Spirit Monk. I must stand against the Emperor!
Gao's Mercenary in Spirit Cave
You were challenged by a woman clad in black as you approached Tien's Landing. She apparently saw you leave Two Rivers, and assumed you were a minion of Death's Hand. You convinced her otherwise after surprising her with your martial skills.
I can't believe Two Rivers is gone. It was home... the people there were the only family I've known. And now, they're all gone.
I understand, Dawn Star, but the path you are on may lead to even darker places. You must prepare yourself.
What do you want, Sky? You are watching me very closely, and not with the eyes of a friend.
Nothing, nothing. I just wanted to know what it felt like to work for Death's Hand. That's right, isn't it? You're one of them?
I was. Do you seek an apology for their actions, or am I just the latest target in your search for vengeance? I have to disappoint you. I will not accept either role.
I have not hidden that fact from you, or anyone else it was relevant to tell. Your true enemies will not reveal their nature to your face.
So you say, but he certainly wears the uniform.
Does any of this scare you, Wild Flower? You're so young, and our journey is... well, dangerous.
Why would I be scared? I have the Guardian to protect me. I'm always safe with him, and he is always here.
I see. How exactly does he protect you? I use my blades and my wits to keep me safe. Are you sure this... Guardian can do the same for you?
Chai Ka: Very sure. Do you wish me to demonstrate?
No, no. That's quite all right. I... can see quite clearly how... you would be more than adequate protection. Nice demon.
Chai Ka: Rest assured, mortal, the girl is well protected against dangers without and within.
The equipment you carry with you, Kang... it seems quite expensive. Have a stash of silver somewhere, do you?
That's enough of that. I know a look of larceny when I see one. Besides, it will do you no good. With Gao gone I am... between benefactors.
Hmm... the marks of the Lotus Assassins. You have covered some, Zu, but left others plain.
I don't want to think like that. We will set things right. We have to.
Returning your friends was never an option, but there are a great many more things that you can lose.
I... I know. I just wish there was a way to put things back the way they were.
In the past I have shared the company of others that... moved outside traditional paths, but this band of folks is by far the most... exotic.
You looked at me as you said that. What are you trying to say, Sky?
Actually, you took it the wrong way around. You seem a bit more conventional than, say, Wild Flower, or Zu.
The Guardian says that everyone hides a part of themselves, that they don't always look like what they really are.
I certainly hope that part's in there somewhere.
I can't help it.
Really, now?
Are we certain there is no room for us to stay in Tien's Landing? Do we really need to camp outside?
The ground is soft enough for a warrior. Walls just get in the way when the fighting starts. Besides, I've yet to find a bed that fits me.
Not everyone has a hide as thick as yours.
That's good wine you've got here, Hou! Not too sweet, not too sour... and it has a good kick to it.
I'm pleased you like it, though I'm afraid you like it a little bit too much. At this rate, we'll run out of wine before we get back to the Imperial City.
I hope you're joking, Hou! You don't want to see me when I'm sober. You really don't.
I have an ointment you should try. Put it under your tongue, and it will stop your desire for alcohol. Well, more like *cod6*replace.*cod6*
More? Well, I suppose I hadn't thought about that. Let's see, distillation... crop variation... slide the three....
I don't usually offer a choice.
On Agriculture
That's a good idea, Chai Ka. Show him how you protect her.
Enough, Chai Ka. Sky was just looking out for her.
She's right, Zu. More killing won't bring our friends back.
I don't think we can. We may have to settle for vengeance.
So we can assume Sky is hiding the part that doesn't ram its foot into its mouth?
We all have hidden *cod6*demons,*cod6* but not literally. Your nature *is* odd.
Yes, and Dawn Star does have strange abilities.
The village is in rough shape. We must make do out here.
Toughen up. If this is the worst we encounter, I'll be surprised.
And how hard would it be to get more ointment to appease him?
I like the Black Whirlwind as he is.
*cod2*Food, and the shortage of it, has always been a primary concern within the Empire. With so many people crowded into cities, a lack of food in an urban area can result in deaths of thousands. While this is not itself a primary concern, the economic disruption and the outbreak of disease it usually causes are. Agriculture is, therefore, a critical industry of the Empire. Fertile areas can frequently have 2 or 3 crops a year, providing greatly for the cities. Due to the abject poverty in which these peasants live, they feel the need to grow as many crops as they can, as often as they can. This depletes the health of the soil, making future crops sickly and weak. I propose the institution of growing cycles, whereby a time is allowed for the land to renew itself. I have sent a copy of my proposal to the Imperial City, where I hope that it will gain the attention of the Minister of Agriculture.
Can you blame him for his suspicion? You were one of them.
You shouldn't have to. Zu is not an enemy, Sky.
Enough about the bounties.
I want to talk to you about a criminal named Aishi the Mournful Blade.
What if I told you she is in the city?
What crimes has she committed?
If I brought you proof that she was dead, would I collect that bounty?
All I want is to know about her.
What can you tell me about the city?
Could I ask you for more specifics about these areas?
Do you have any information on that criminal hunted by the Assassins?
It sounds to me as if the Assassins are worried.
Sounds like you're angling for a quick promotion.
Is there a bounty on this *cod6*Scourge of the South?*cod6*
I wonder if we're being told the whole story. Could this criminal be justified in their actions?
That's enough about the Scourge of the South.
I certainly do. That's Yukong right over there.
Why would you think that?
I might be, for the right price.
You assume I'm a common mercenary?
What criminals do you need help with?
It sounds like these mercenaries have just forfeited their job to me.
Sounds like you're out of luck. Goodbye.
Before she died, she told me a most interesting story about you.
For an opponent that dangerous, I expect a generous bounty.
I don't think we're alone. Something does not rest easy.
Do... do you feel that? Something is here. Something that hates the living!
Why was nothing done to catch her earlier?
Could I see the scene of the crime?
What could she tell me?
The safe bet's on both of those being true. I don't think you'll have any trouble catching the attention of the Inquisitors.
It's clear that they don't know your real identity, and your skills are obvious
No... I'm sure they have no idea of your real identity. I wouldn't worry about that.
I didn't mean to upset you. I was just making an observation. Let's go meet this Inquisitor.
We need to keep at our practices. Some of us don't believe in cheating during our matches; we want to win honestly.
Let's get back to the Dragonfly. If we hurry, we can have a couple drinks before this other guy shows up.
Well, we got what we wanted. I just hope you know what you're getting into. We should head back to the Dragonfly and let the others know what's happening.
You got the chance you wanted. No sense wasting it by showing up late. Let's head back to the Dragonfly.
We should get back to the Dragonfly. If we're late, the Inquisitor might get angry, and then he might not help us at all.
Well, you've got what you wanted. I don't approve of this course, but if you want to deal with the Inquisitors you better not be late for this meeting. Let's go.
Nobody here suspects me to be anything but an overzealous scholar, and I'd like to keep it that way. So, you want to know about the recruiter?
You have a flying machine, do you not? Yes, I know about that. Go back to the landing area and someone will meet you there.
The location is public, yet relatively private. Common folk are not welcome on the landing area, so there will be no crowds to hide spies... or an ambush.
If the Lotus Assassins wanted you dead, your life would be over before you even knew you were in danger.\n
I don't think so. I've already told you what you need to know. I'm not about to risk being discovered just to make you feel at ease.
He already knows, I'm sure. Now go, I will not speak to you about this any further.
They already know about you. That means one of two things. Either the Princess is exceptionally good at spreading rumors, or they're desperate for new people.
Why should we meet there?
How do I know this isn't a trap?
Tell the Inquisitor recruiter I'll be there.
What makes you so sure?
I just hope I don't draw too much attention.
If I wanted your opinion about this out here in the open, I'd have asked.
After hearing about the way you dealt with those bandits, we wanted to make sure we were ready if they ever came again.
Captain Sen
Bandit Camp
You're going to rescue Master Li. I know you'll find a way, but still....
[Success] True. You are more reasonable than I would have suspected from my first impression.
[Success] That I could tell instantly. You carry yourself with confidence born of skill. Perhaps a talk would be good before our confrontation.
[Success] Hmm. That it is, and who am I to be selective about who hears my tale?
Do you know anything of me? Anything of the terror that is Aishi the Mournful Blade?
[Failure] You are meant to face me, not to listen to me. Listening is not in your nature, and so I will not force my history on you.
Let us see who proves the stronger.
You should.
*cod6*If we help him, he'll only tell the others what we've done. We have to let him go.*cod6* Simple words, but they still echo in my head, even now.
Nights are worse. I can't sleep for the screams of that boy as he washed away; I still hear them to this day.
An old man told me you had a story to tell.
I can't walk away from a potential bounty.
You don't know what you're dealing with if you think you can threaten me.
That's a risk I'm willing to take.
Let's hear this tale of yours.
I'm not here to talk to a murderer.
I would like to hear your tale.
[Charm] How many would have let you talk this long?
[Intimidation] If you know me as well as you claim to, you know our fight will not be easy.
[Intuition] I think this is a story you want to be heard.
If you're done analyzing me, I have a bounty to collect.
I should just leave you alone.
I don't know if it was really your fault.
Dock
Ru's Barge
Captain Sen was the young man you were in love with?
He is a powerful man. How do you plan to attack him?
Why do you care about this? Aren't you a heartless criminal?
If what you say is true, Sen deserves what's coming to him.
I'm going to take you to Sen. We'll see how he reacts.
Touching story. Really, it was. Sadly, it's also over. Time to die.
Just walk away. You deserve your peace.
I'm ready when you are.
I wasn't going to let you go without my bounty.
There is another in this city with a price on her head. A richer price than those two.
Her name is Aishi the Mournful Blade, and you can find her at the Black Leopard School.
I watched her walk into this city, and now I tell you. There's no mystery in this.
She is accused of most crimes, and several had to be invented to account for her actions. She is a terror upon the face of the Empire.
Murder, theft, and worse, yet never a smile or a hint of revelry in what she did. That is why she is known as Aishi the Mournful Blade.
It is across the river and at the far end of the Market District. A grassy path leads up, away from the noise of the city.
Atop the hill lies the Black Leopard School, and within, Aishi. She is waiting for someone to come find her, I think.
Because I want you to know. My role in this matter is of no concern to you. I am simply an old man who sees a chance for some good to come from bad.
I've heard of this Aishi. She's reputed to be deadly and merciless, yet cloaked with deep sadness.
This Aishi sounds like my kind of woman!
We shouldn't let a criminal run free. Something tells me that there's more to this story than this man's telling us, though.
When you reach her, you should ask her for her story. She has a most interesting tale to share.
I hoped it would end this way. She may have found some peace.
Here, take this. It's something Aishi would have wanted you to have, I think. I hate for a good deed to go unrewarded.
Ha! There's little reward in a good deed, and just the opposite for those who walk the low path. I know that better than most.
Aishi the Mournful Blade was my daughter.
My daughter's life was nothing but pain. Her crimes were a way to forget, for a while.
Wait, he's... he's dead! He's a ghost, but his will is so strong I couldn't tell until just now!
I think she must have found some peace now, and I can finally rest. It has been too long since I turned away from the Water Dragon's embrace.
You couldn't tell? A Spirit Monk? Ahh, but you are not fully trained, and I have refused to let any part of myself slip away.
Some things are stronger than anger, Spirit Monk. Love is one of them.
I know that, Spirit Monk, but I am a patient man, and I refuse to let myself slip away.
I have some idea of what you face. Take my best wishes as you try to set things right.
I have waited more than two decades. I can wait a bit more, and now... now I have a reason to smile.
How do you know where a criminal can be found?
What is this Aishi accused of?
Where is the Black Leopard School?
Why are you telling me this?
Thank you for the information. You can go.
Good deeds are their own reward.
Thank you, but why?
Why did you tell me she was in the Imperial City?
You turned her in. Some father.
Turned away... wait, you're dead?
If you're a ghost, why haven't you gone mad?
How do you know about my heritage?
What will you do next?
Don't you just love the Imperial Arena? No other place like it in all of the Jade Empire.
Hold on, you're Raging Dragon, aren't you? I've heard all about you. It's a pleasure. I'm Lady Rento.
Wait a moment! You're Silver Phoenix! How very nice to meet you. I'm Lady Rento.
If it isn't Tiger Lifts the Mountain. How exciting to meet you! I am Lady Rento.
Were you looking for me? I'm Lady Rento, and I was expecting someone sent by Captain Sen.
Oh, poor Yukong. Captain Sen's still willing to do my husband's bidding and hunt him down, is he?
I swear, my husband is insufferable. Yukong's a harmless aspiring actor who asked me if I would act as his patron.
Since my husband was away from the city... again... I accepted and gave Yukong a moderate stipend. I thought he was charming.
That was how my husband presented the situation to the authorities. He didn't want to face the *cod6*shame*cod6* of supporting a humble actor.
My husband's a fool, but when he lowers his head, all I can do is let him charge and hope he rams something solid enough to slow him.
Probably less than my husband is putting forth as a bounty for poor Yukong. That young man doesn't deserve this.
I would wager that you'll find him in the Scholars' Garden. Yukong was going to try out for that new play.
I'm sure you heard about it when it was performed in the Golden Way. Made quite the impression, I'm told.
It's going to be put on soon in the Golden Way, I'm told. Should be exciting to watch.
Yukong was going to try out for a role as a scholar, so he may be using his costume to hide in the garden. He's not much of a scholar, so you should be able to spot him.
Oh, normally I would be happy to chat, but now really isn't the time.
I've had a trying day and I just want to relax in the Heart of the Empire for a few minutes before I rush home to attend the family accounts.
My husband claims he has no head for figures, though I suspect he just has no back for work.
If you happen to find Creative Yukong, do go easy on him, would you?
The poor boy did nothing wrong, and my husband is being unusually cruel to him.
Thank you. I have so little time to take in the ambiance of this place.
I'm here to talk to you about Creative Yukong.
Why is Yukong wanted for confidence schemes?
How much did you give this actor?
Do you have any idea where I could find Creative Yukong?
Would you mind if I asked you a few questions?
I should let you get back to what you were doing.
Chai Ka: You have drawn some attention, but their description lacks accuracy. What they have will not reveal you.
Too much a fool to accept your fate.
Dancing pretty lights. There's fire in the air and fire inside. They scream like music.
You'll scream like a demon when Fading Moon puts the light inside of you.
There's more than that on my head. There's a crown of flame that burns all the time, even when it gets tighter!
None of us are alive anymore, not until the lights dance with us!
You don't get to leave. We have to dance like the pretty lights.
You'll scream like those maggot people, leeching off the Empire until they burn!
Dancing lights.
Leaping flames inside us all. Purity.
Climbing higher 'til all fall down!
Red to black to gray.
You're Fading Moon? There's a bounty on your head.
It's always harder when they're insane, I'll wager.
Maybe I'll leave you to your *cod6*lights.*cod6*
I can't hurt you?
You were ordered to kill innocents? Why even consider it?
I have my reasons. For now I'll tell you this... it's a part of my life I wish I could forget. But no matter how much I drink, it stays with me.
Just keep clear of this place... that's what I wanted to tell you. It's rotten to the core... or at the top... or maybe at the core of the top. You know what I mean.
You don't need anything else from this place, so just stop here. You don't want to go any further... let's just leave it at that.
Tried that once, it didn't work out. Prefect Mu Hong pledged his daughter Meishan to me, after I cleared his district of bandits. She wasn't ugly, so I agreed.
The night of the wedding feast, I got more than a little drunk, and in the morning I woke up in the prefect's bed, next to the prefect's wife.
I got up and went to my bride's room, and there was strange man in her bed. I killed the bastard and was about to kill her when Meishan came into the room yelling!
Apparently, I had just killed her sister's husband and was about to kill her sister. I tried to tell her it was an honest mistake, but she wouldn't hear it.
The brother-in-law's family was pissed, and so was the prefect when he found out about his wife. They tried to subdue me, so they could send me to prison.
I killed them all swiftly. None of them suffered. Still, Meishan wouldn't leave with me; she kept crying and complaining about her family. Family life just isn't for me.
Whatever.
I'm a fighter, not a damn history book! No more stories. You've got my fists and my axes, that's enough. Let's find someone to kill!
Not now, I'm done talking about myself. Let's go do something fun... like kill someone.
Too much talking and thinking can be dangerous. I should know. I remember one cold winter I took a job clearing rats from a local monastery.
I was supposed to make sure the pests stayed out of the sacred pools, but hunting rats one at a time is boring work. So I had an idea, a way to catch 'em all at once.
I convinced the monks to give me some of their sacred wine, and I filled the sacred pools. I figured if I could get the rats drunk they'd be so much easier to catch.
Nothing happened at first, so I helped myself to the wine. I passed out before the rats came. In the middle of the night I was woken up by screaming monks and fiery explosions.
It was just the rats. The poor furry buggers were just trying to get warm near the monk's fires after their swim in the wine! Not a good combination!
The monks wanted me gone. I might have deserved the blame, but the abbot insisted it was a sign from the gods and closed the monastery. See what happens when you think too much?
The strong must rule, but simple murder is a waste.
It must be that young woman in blue. I saw her and thought, *cod6*If anyone can help us, it's her.*cod6*
The young woman in red, right? We should thank the heavens she came to our town, then.
It must be that woman in plum I've seen around town! Well, thank the Emperor she arrived!
They say the dam will never close.
I always figured if I saw the Emperor it would be for my own execution. 'Course, the day's still young.
I just hope I get to meet the man who taught you how to fight. I've never seen someone so small fight so well. First, we have to free him.
Let's get to the palace and give the Emperor a taste of real power! We'll have your master free in no time.
Well, the city has everything you could ever want. Fighting, money, wine, and... hmm... there was something else that people like, but I can't quite remember what it is.
Oh well, I'm sure it'll come to me once I've had a few bowls of wine. Let's get something to wet our tongues!
This is going to be fun. Those Lotus Assassins won't know what hit 'em. This might just be the most exciting day of my life.
You know, battles like this don't come along every day. We could very well die in there, cut up into small pieces, trying to fight off hundreds of enemies.
I'm getting goose bumps just thinking about it. C'mon... let's go to the fortress and have some fun.
These Lotus Assassins really aren't all that tough; they're just trained well. I've seen men a lot tougher than this run scared from a fight, but not these guys.
They're like well-trained dogs, and just as dangerous... though they smell slightly better, and I'm willing to bet they wouldn't taste as good over a plate of rice.\n
Damn it, now I'm getting hungry... and thirsty. Let's get this finished so I can get something to drink.
I can't believe Silk Fox is the princess! Who'd have thought a spoiled little emperor's daughter could fight like that? Her dad certainly brought her up right.
That's one way to make sure your little angel doesn't get despoiled by anyone... teach her how to kick a man's ass into his throat!
Speaking of kicking, you'd better keep going if you're ever going to pass as a Lotus Assassin.
Nothing's changed since the last time you asked me. Unless I passed out... did I pass out? No... how could I? I haven't been drinking!
Some things are best kept a secret, and I tried to warn you. This is the last time, I promise.
My brother became the arena champion... the Raging Ox. They said he retired, but he didn't retire... he was killed. I should know; I'm the one who killed him.
I've killed hundreds, thousands of men. Death has no hold over me... even my brother's death.
I wanted nothing from this place. He would have kept his title if it wasn't for Kai Lan.
Raging Ox was one of Kai Lan's men... well, he wasn't always. Kai Lan approached me first, and when I turned him down, he went to my brother instead.
I'm sure you know all about that, what with the Khana thing and all. I knew what was happening as soon as I saw her sway, but that's another secret I'm keeping.
When Ox joined up with Kai Lan, I stopped getting good matches. Ox was fighting his way to becoming champion, and doing a little work for the Guild on the side.
He was so cocksure and wouldn't listen to his older brother. Once he fell in with Kai Lan, he stopped talking to me.
Soon, Ox became Kai Lan's enforcer and carried out his bidding. He'd skulk around in robes so no one would know the arena champion was a common thug.
One night, I followed Ox back to Kai Lan's. I was drunk, and I was mad. I just wanted to tell Ox how dangerous Kai Lan was... convince him to leave.
But Kai Lan was there, he tried to interfere. I attacked him, and Ox tried to stop me. When it was over... Ox was dead, and my axe was covered in his blood.
I didn't do it on purpose. It was stupid... but it was an accident.
Kai Lan just stood there, smiling. I would have killed him if I wasn't so stunned.
After that, I left. For the first time in my life, I ran. I ran, and then I drank myself into a stupor that lasted for half a year.
Sometimes these things have to come out, or they'll kill you. Still, don't try to give me a hug, or I'll lop your head off.
You do what you have to in the arena. Just don't fool yourself about working with the Serpent.
Good idea. We'll leave Kai Lan to explain how Cho's body ended up in his room.
Lucky Cho's death just put you on the Serpent's wanted list. I'd really like to see Kai Lan's face if you become arena champion. 'Course, I'd rather just kill him.
Innocents die. That is what they do. So what?
C'mon. Let's go.
Again you tease with secrets. Out with it!
You claim knowledge but share nothing. I have no further interest in you.
Kai Lan truly is a serpent.
Enlighten me.
I thought there'd be more half-dressed serving girls with bowls of wine and food. What kind of Emperor doesn't have serving girls?
Let's get going. Maybe he keeps the good stuff farther in.
Now what is it?
I've already told you all I can. Besides, this is the time for battle, not words!
What? This isn't the time for stories... it's time to fight. Let's sharpen our blades instead of our tongues!
I never thought I'd see the day when somebody would actually defy a god... and live. You've got some spirit... and soon you'll have her spirit, too.
C'mon, there's nothing stopping us now. Let's find that old bastard Li and give him a taste of his own medicine!
I'm not sure what happened back there with the dragon, but one thing's for sure... Li's in for the fight of his life!
Never thought we'd be back here again, and still no serving girls! These Sun brothers are a strange lot. C'mon, let's find this dragon and be done with it.
Good. I'm itching to fight, not talk.
The boredom is always greatest before the storm. Could we poke a stick in the eye of this little squall and get moving?
Good decisions win the battle, bad decisions draw it out. Either way, I'll be on the field.
Besides, this Death's Hand fellow seems fine to me. Hasn't touched my wine, and he fights well enough.
As for the others, just means more fighting for me. Everything worked out fine, if you ask me.
As for this binding crap, I don't see how it changes anything. A body is a body in battle. If it can fight for you, who cares what it is?
I always have my fists, so I'm always ready. If I lose those, I'll have bigger problems than missing a fight.
Actually, better safe than sorry. Kang! Make me a wine bowl I can hold with stumps!
Yours or someone else's?
Ha! Now that's the kind of idea I can get behind!
Don't waste your anger on me, save it for the enemy! Now or later, I don't really care, as long as I get to spill some blood!
How about sooner?
I'm pretty sure I thought you were a ghost. That, and you looked like you might be able to hold your own for a few moments.
Turns out I sold you short... easy to do when you're as tall as I am.
Drunken cows are no joke! I had to wrangle a whole herd of 'em once. Bloody things broke into a winery and drank 'til their milk was curdled.
I finally rounded 'em up, but the farmer said the milkings were unbearable for a week after that. Milk and wine... that's bad mix.
Where?
Oh, you mean me? That's water under the bridge, through the lake, and out to the ocean.
Anyway, I'm guessing you must be here on Lord Yun's business. Can't imagine why anyone would come here otherwise.
Look, I'm no good with forests, trees, or temples. If you want to talk about that stuff, Spear's your man.
You know how it goes.
You wander the countryside, maybe set fire to a few fields, pass out behind a barn, get chased by farm dogs... before you know it you're here... talking with you.
I will find a way to enter without participating in their foul ways.
It gets me the ladies.
Ha! Of course not. Just look at me! A lady's got to be damn drunk before she'd be impressed by my name.
Ha, ha! You got that right! Damn if I'm not starting to like you. No, it takes more than a name to impress the ladies, that's for sure.
Well... there was that time during the Fall of the Nine Fathers when I would crash down on a town like a black storm of death, rending flesh from bone.
I was a force of destruction. The streets ran red with blood and everyone I approached screamed, *cod6*The Black Whirlwind is here!*cod6*
It might have been that... or maybe I thought it up when I was drunk. Either way, it stuck.
Way ahead of you. What were we talking about?
Ha! I attack just about everyone I meet. We just got it out of the way early.
Now we'll get along just fine. I don't suppose you have any wine on you?
Good, I'm going to see if I can find some hidden stocks of sacramental wine. Tastes terrible, but it does the trick.
Why did you attack me?
Ha! Your strikes are clumsy as a drunken cow.
If you're done talking, I have a gigantic oaf to kill.
How did you end up in this forest?
I am strong enough to do whatever they want without it affecting me.
Why are you called the Black Whirlwind?
Does that actually work?
I think it might take more than that... for you anyway.
So where *did* the name come from?
I've suddenly stopped caring.
Don't think I've forgotten that you attacked me when we met.
When did you develop a stutter? Out with it.
Get on with it, Whirlwind.
Why haven't I heard about this before?
I'm missing the part where I should care about this.
Have you ever considered settling down?
You're a beast, Whirlwind.
Where was your new wife during all this?
That's one way to get to know your new family.
You killed your wife's brother-in-law? By mistake?
That must have made you very popular with the family.
I could see how you might make that mistake.
I'd like to hear more about your past.
I can't believe you got rats drunk.
Ahh... this should be good.
Were the rats the only ones who got drunk?
The rats exploded? That's horrible!
What happened to the monastery?
Well, at least you got rid of the rats.
That is by far the most stupid thing I've ever heard.
I bet it was that fellow with the tattoos! You can't trust strangers these days!
I wager that fellow with the yellow sash is responsible. You can't trust wanderers, I say.
You've seen that fellow in the robes? I bet it was him. He looks shifty.
It had to be that big fellow. Who else would be strong enough to break the controls?
It bet that girl in the blue outfit is responsible. She's not from around here.
Have you spotted the girl in the red and blue running around? I bet she's the reason.
Do they? Well, I say that strange girl in the plum outfit is the reason. She's not from around here.
Someone said the Great Southern Forest is less troubled than it was?
What are your thoughts on our situation?
Don't get all weepy on me now.
We should get going, Whirlwind.
Everyone's little to you.
That's not surprising; fighting is all you do!
Is your brother still fighting?
More secrets, Whirlwind?
Why did you kill him?
How can you discuss this so calmly?
Were you jealous of his success?
That must have made things awkward between you two.
Zu, why does this trouble you so much? You've killed many before and since.
Why didn't you stop him?
A good excuse to justify your actions. Why don't you use it?
What happened then?
So you just killed your brother?
You have no concerns about my decisions?
Stay ready, friend. The final confrontation will come soon enough.
Just be ready, or I will leave you behind, fool.
Easy, friend. The battle will come soon enough. Ready yourself.
We will go when I say, you reckless fool. No sooner.
There, you got it.
That's beside the point for now. I must thank you, as I clearly owe you my life.
Well, you did, and now I owe you my life. I will happily repay that debt any way I can.
These cannibals were getting desperate enough to cook even someone as ropy as me. The last thing I needed was to be dragged into the caves below.
I heard a lot about the caves from the cannibals. There's something down there they call the Mother, and I think she...it, whatever, is what made them what they are.
She is some sort of greater demon the cannibals serve. I think she's the reason they're as twisted as they are.
From what I overheard, the Mother was trapped in this hill before Sagacious Tien forged the Jade Empire, but something has disturbed her.
I don't know how or why this Mother of theirs has returned to the world, but if she can do this to men, she must be stopped.
That is something I do not know. They would leave the inn and then return. I wasn't in a position to ask for details.
I don't know for sure, only that there are many more of them. From the sounds of it, they've been capturing people and...changing them. The ones they don't eat, that is.
What am I going to do? If I go, I'll die. If I don't, my mother will die.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Well, they're cannibals! They were once men, but they were corrupted... twisted into flesh-eating abominations.
The Keeper, the one who met everyone, including yourself, at the door, had some skill with magic.
You might have seen through the illusion in time, but most people never get the chance. They're usually taken... or worse, changed into one of them.
They kept me around in hopes that I would make this place seem more normal, and they needed me to help run the inn. They're none too bright, really.
I resolved to try and tip off the first warrior who dared come to this place. The cannibals must be stopped.
They claim that they were changed by a creature called the Mother in the caves below.
Apparently, she's an ancient demon responsible for twisting these sick creatures.
A good idea. Even talking about them makes me queasy.
They spoke often about the Mother, in the caves nearby. They used this inn as a base and a way to lure people to increase their food stocks and swell their ranks.\n
What they failed to realize is that the forest is polluted with ghosts. No travelers means no food, whether people think this place is normal or not.
Maybe they had some plan around that, but I doubt it. They are not forward thinkers, these beasts. How it all ties together, I'm not exactly sure.
I don't know what you have planned, exactly, but I hope you intend to finish the good work you started.\n
They were celebrating the release of the Mother not too long ago. Somehow she was freed from the Forest Shadow's trap... or cage. Something like that.
If you want to learn more, you'll need to face them directly. There's a new opening at the back of the kitchen that I think will take you deeper into the caves.
You killed the cannibals up here, but there's more in the caves below. I don't know how they got in or out or how they took prisoners down there.
I do know that they were terrified of something called the Forest Shadow. I'm willing to bet that would be a good place to start.
If you're planning to tackle these beasts, I want to help... in my own way, of course. I'm not much with my fists... not anymore, anyway.
But, you'd be surprised what tricks an old bun master might know. Have you ever heard of Drunken Master style?
Drunken Master uses alcohol to loosen the body, deaden pain, and create unpredictable moves. It is unique, deadly, and entertaining all at once.
I was a master. Top of my game and well known in Phoenix Gate, one of the great cities in the Prosperous East. My skills earned me fame, fortune... and a wife.
You weren't listening. Fame, fortune, and a *wife*.
Teaching is all I can do. As I said, fame, fortune, and a *wife*.
I discovered fairly early on that she had... opinions. Most of them regarding alcohol, and my regular consumption of it.
I can still teach you, though. She has never expressly forbidden that. I have a few bottles on me right now, if you'd like to learn.
Pay attention. I don't like repeating myself. Now, when I am with you, I can throw you bottles of wine. You must pick these up in order to use Drunken Master.
I don't care what they're offering you, you can't let these things live!
Er, hello. Welcome to the Pilgrim's Rest, where the patron is the most important part of our business.
Also home to a bloodthirsty collection of cannibals and their twisted demon Mother goddess. Oh, and one soon-to-be-dead cook.
I am Henpecked Hou, a simple bun master who has been enslaved in this awful place. But there are even greater things at stake than my life.
I know the Forest Shadow is dead. The earth heaved against itself as the caves below opened.
That doesn't mean it's too late! If you could defeat her, then surly you can defeat these beasts!
Please, find a way to stop these beasts. The only thing they seem to fear is this Forest Shadow.
Perhaps she can help you. I beg of you, please try.
I am Hou, your humble cook. I'm also in charge of the few supplies the inn actually stocks, if you have need of them.
Though I am weary and worked to the bone, I'm here to help you. What can I do for you today?
Hello again. Can I interest you in some of my simple items?
There's...nothing, it's nothing. I just thought... well, I was hoping that... would you like a bun?
[Success] I... I can't tell you... not here, not now. They're listening.
[Success] Ask *him?* He might give you an answer you do not want. But if you must, then do so forewarned.
[Success] Perhaps you could... though I'm not so sure.
Go and speak to the Innkeeper. Ask him about the twisted servants of The Mother. See how he reacts to that!
Be prepared when you speak to him! That's all I'm saying about this.
[Failure] It's...nothing. I'm sure you have bigger things to worry about.
Yes. I'm sure you will.
I'd be happy to. I'm sure you understand that my stocks are limited.
In fact, if you think about it, with the ghosts filling the forest, I shouldn't have *any* supplies at all.
Yes, yes it is. Ah well, have a look, and tell me if you see anything you like.
Of course. Here you are.
I don't know much about this forest at all. I was only passing through when I, ah... stopped at this inn. It turned out to be a longer stay than I anticipated.
I'm sorry I can't be of more help. However, as shop keeper I do have some items that you might be interested in.
How very lucky for me. I seem to just stumble into these situations.
There's not much I can tell you, to be fair. You should ask the Keeper. I'm sure he'll be happy to tell you his side of things.
I'm sorry I can't be of more help. Maybe you should ask the Keeper.
I don't really go in for celestial politics, but I will say that it's awfully odd that the inn folk seem to hate her so.
To hear them talk, she's practically insane with bloodlust. But everything here *seems* perfectly normal, wouldn't you say?
No, no it doesn't. But why then are they so scared of this Forest Shadow? Well, I've probably said enough.
Ah, well, if she attacked you, then she must be mad as a mountain farmer. Unless there was some mistaken identity, of course.
The Keeper has more than enough to say for both of us about the Forest Shadow. Go ask him if you have more questions.
If only it were that easy... to go that is.
That's...a very good point. I suppose I'll try to find the sunny side of this situation.
That's more like it. Now you're more in line with the spirit around here.
Take very good care.
I can't believe my luck. I arrive home after being lost only to find that my wife has gone off to visit relatives.
No, you misunderstand me. My wife... she's not here. I thought I was as good as dead, now my execution is delayed... until her eventual return, of course.
I am very happy, indeed. Instead of dying upon my return home, I am free... until she returns, of course.
Yes, yes. Of course, anything you like. Today I am feeling... impulsive.
Yes? How can this humble bun master assist you today?
You're beginning to sound like my wife. Where were you last night? Why were you talking to that woman? Why do you smell like a goat? Always with the questions.
As I mentioned earlier, after becoming tournament champion for the second time, I was forced to marry my sponsor's nubile niece. *She* is the reason I no longer fight.
My disapproving dove did not care for my drinking, or for my friends, or my fighting, or my friends fighting. She believed I should settle down, be more respectable.
At first I ignored her rebukes and continued fighting, but I soon learned that she was not a woman to be crossed.
Prior to one fight, my duplicitous daisy drugged my wine. I don't remember much of what happened next, which is fortunate. From what I hear it wasn't very pretty.
I spent the next several months under the tender ministrations of my doting wife. Needless to say, when I was well enough to walk again I was more than happy to... settle down.
You're not teaching new styles, then?
I'll pass for now.
Do what you have to, and let's get back to the palace. I don't want to lose the element of surprise entirely.
Ya, Zhen. We waste time in petty errands while spectacular prey waits for you in the palace. Hurry up... master.
Chai Ka: Your destiny awaits you in the palace. We should not delay much longer.
We made it this far; how hard can it be from here? From what I've seen you're more than capable of handling anything we're likely to encounter.
Reverse Order
I can't believe that Silk Fox and Princess Lian are one in the same. She's a tough woman, maybe tougher than my wife, and far more beau--ahem, bold.
But her plan to infiltrate the Lotus Assassin fortress seems more than a little foolhardy. Those Assassins are trained killers. Even my wife fears them.
On the upside, if I die at the hands of the Lotus Assassins, I won't have to face my lovely wife when she returns. [sigh] I should have stayed with the cannibals.
I think you need somebody like me to keep your camp in order while you're off invading the fortress. I can make sure there's some hot soup waiting for you.
Turtle egg soup perhaps... now, there's a thought. Where did I put those turtle eggs?
I've seen many things in my life that scare me, many of them with you, I might add. This place terrifies me. My knees are shaking so badly I'm going to have bruises.
These Assassins are very well trained. They obey without question, pay no heed to their pain or their needs, and they work tirelessly for their masters, with little reward.
Come to think of it, they live a life much like mine. But then, they don't have to share a bed with my wife.
I can't believe we're actually going to see the Emperor himself. This is a most propitious day. If my wife were here, she'd... actually, I'd rather not think about that.
I am, however, looking forward to meeting your master. I'd like to know if he's familiar with my Drunken Master style. But I suppose we should get ready to go.
Just give me the word, and I'll get the camp packed up and ready to go.
I can't believe we're actually inside the Emperor's palace. I must admit, I feel as though I'm trespassing... like I don't belong here.
Perhaps the Emperor can give me some courage... I seem to have lost mine.
My prescient pretty has an uncanny knack for derailing my plans, in case you haven't already noticed. I have tried several times to leave, but it always fails miserably.
Some say there are spirits out there that masquerade as people, and I suspect she may be one of them. She has my soul, and there's nothing I can do about it.
One time, I tried to sneak away while she was delivering a special order of buns to her uncle's family. As I started to leave, I slipped on some oil and broke my arm.
Still, I put my arm in a sling and was continuing on my way when I was run down by a rogue bun cart. When I came to, my wife had returned and was in a foul mood.
Apparently, everyone she had visited died from food poisoning. But why not her? I mean, I'm sure she ate at least one of the buns I sent.
I am saying no such thing.
It is simply my lot in life to be given into the care of a demon whose sole sustenance comes from sucking the very life from my body and soul. [sigh] Soup anyone?
Good, good. I'll be here, struggling to keep up with you, if you should need anything.
As you say. I will be here scrubbing your pots until you call upon me again.
Is this the one?
Stories, stories, stories... there are no more. If I tell you anything more, I will have no secrets left. A good bun master must always have a few secrets.
Not now. Memories of my wife are... difficult to bear. Especially when I am here and she could be so far, far... far away.
Another of Gang's weakling acolytes headed to the slaughter. How many have the ghosts killed so far?
Eleven? Twelve? Does it matter? Worthless as one, worthless as a group.
So, you crawl back. Ready for your inevitable fate, trainer? We can't have Gang's acolytes getting too skilled, can we?
I am ready if you think you are, trainer.
You killed Kai Feng? But he was fully trained.
Such insolence will not go unpunished. We'll make an example of you soon enough. Your corpse will be dragged before your master!
We are victorious, but how long will this peace last?
The day already drags like an overloaded ox. Our enemies should be more efficient.
I do not shy from meaningful combat, but eliminating your boredom is not a worthwhile cause to fight for.
If there's no wine, there should be fighting. That's the way of things for a warrior.
We should not take much longer to lick our wounds, even if the victory was ours. No doubt the enemy awaits us.
I agree. While the victory was ours, another battle looms. The enemy is no doubt waiting for us to make a move.
I find this matter most unsettling.
What? He's a damn good fighter. Better to have him as an ally than an enemy.
He's not an ally, he's... enslaved.
At least we know where he is. It might be best to leave him this way.
Can you blame us? There is an unsettling new presence in the group.
An odd kind of trophy to collect. Very hard to display without reaction.
It is just a discussion about the presence you have introduced into the group.
He is more useful the way he is. He did a great deal of damage. We could use him to repair it.
He has the fate he deserves. What better use is there for an old enemy?
It is not right. Such a torment to inflict.
This is not right. Such an honored person should not be tormented in this manner. It was wrong before, and it is wrong now.
It pains me to see anyone so devoid of free will.
A troubling thing, but war pushes many to make foolish choices.
A foolish choice? Sky nearly damned us all. That is more than a simple mistake.
It was a selfish thing, and I am inclined to let him suffer the consequences. He risked everything for a hopeless promise.
Do you seek vengeance? I like this darker side of you, but was the act so surprising? Our leader appears to condone far worse.
Are suggesting that everything until now has led to the binding of Death's Hand and that environment has let other evils flourish?
It is something to ponder. Perhaps we will have our answer in what punishment is chosen for our weak willed friend.
Are you looking for vengeance? For once we may be in agreement. What does this darkened Dawn Star recommend? Prison? Death?
Look beyond the act. If we ignore his pain, we cannot fully understand what led to this.
Are you saying that Sky was prompted to do this because our leader appears to condone far worse?
Sky's actions stand apart from the binding of Death's Hand or any other *cod6*evil.*cod6* Let the poor rogue answer for his actions, and let Death's Hand rot if he is useful to us.
The binding of Death's Hand was a... regrettable evil that I know will be rectified. It does not mean that everything up until now contributed to it or Sky's betrayal.
We will let the one affected most decide what is the proper course of action.
The reasons do not matter. He risked everything, and I will not trust him again. Death is the only acceptable option.
The choice is not ours to make. That task is left to the one affected most.
There's always too much talk after a battle. Axes are better than words for deciding things.
Your weapons will see some use soon enough, you oaf. This pathetic whelp deserves no less.
Perhaps it is fortunate that there are others here who may wish to have a say in his fate.
I will speak for myself! No one else has the right to.
I... I am not going to make excuses, but try to understand me, and I will accept whatever comes.
Traveling with you, I realized that finding the people who killed my daughter would bring no peace. I had to destroy the power that had led to her death.
There was a taint that led from Gao all the way to the Emperor. When even he was gone, someone else claimed the evil for themselves. There is no end.
Everyone sought to benefit. Even you seem beyond mortal concerns. When Master Li is gone, will you be any different from him?
Destroying the power behind it all began to lose meaning. If avenging my daughter meant nothing, what else could I do to bring her spirit peace?
I have seen the evil you are capable of. The binding of Death's Hand is only the latest example. You are not so different from the enemy.
I have seen the evil that taints you. Whether you choose to admit it or not, you are closer to the enemy than to the rest of us.
Death's Hand spoke of a small hope. If all parts are equal, I began to feel I should help the one who seemed willing to help me.
It was a shallow dream. I know it. I always did. But your actions did nothing to counter it.
I am weak, but so are you. So is your master. So is everyone. I am sorry, but I had to try. I await judgment from those I endangered.
You don't wish to hear what led him to this? Er... perhaps it would be wise, just to ensure it does not happen again?
Then I await your judgment. I will say no more.
Who will decide his fate?
As you decided the fate of our newest member?
That is your right. I'm sure the judgment will be fair.
I am not quite so sure.
To which of us do you speak? Does the newest addition get to vote as well?
Binding the spirit of a member of the royal family is not acceptable.
I must agree. Death's Hand has caused much pain, but if Prince Kin was also the victim of our true enemy, shouldn't he be allowed some peace?
I do not like what this means, especially for your ability to make it happen. I am also surprised that the Princess has not stood up for her relative.
My words may not be of much value anymore, but I am greatly saddened that Death's Hand stands beside you while I am at your feet.
You earned that place! Death's Hand is a shell to be commanded. There is no question of *his* loyalty.
I am more interested in how you made it happen. Having him here is troubling, but I see that he could be useful.
Let his spirit rot. It is not as if the honored Prince Kin did not earn his fate. Much as Sky earned his.
I do not like that he is here. It seems... cruel, even if he was our enemy.
Tools must be respected, but they are still just tools.
That could apply to any of us. That is why this is cause for concern.
I cannot support this. His spirit should be allowed some peace. I... I can't follow you if you approve of this.
As a member of the royal family, I must protest. You cannot do this if you want my support.
I don't care if he goes or stays, but the twisting of a man's soul should not be allowed.
Though I am already at your feet, I cannot condone this... binding you have done.
It would seem the group is somewhat divided on the matter. I don't care what happens to Death's Hand.
Such a thing is not natural. I... won't follow you if this continues. I'd rather face my wife again.
Chai Ka: Such binding locks the will of the victim. They are held in service and must obey, although they see and feel everything they are forced to do.
Chai Ka: Though useful in retrieving wayward ghosts, on the living it becomes a torture most foul. Spirit Monks were forbidden to do such a thing.
Another surprise from your time among the dead? You continue to be an extraordinary person.
You have the ability to do such a thing? I suppose there may be no choice if we want to succeed.
I should not approve, but our ultimate goal cannot fail for the sake of some petty freedoms.
You would strip away my will? What is my loyalty worth if it is forced?
Please, don't do this. Our time together means nothing if it is forced. Can't you see I must oppose you out of love?
If it must be done. Come on, let's get this over with so we can get to our next battle.
I don't know if I really know who you are anymore.
This is not the path I thought you were on.
I'm sorry that we could not move beyond this.
Finally! Let's get going so we can find our next fight.
I doubt it will be as easy as that to assuage the fears of those involved. You toy with spirits just like our enemies do.\n
I am glad that it is so easily resolved. Er... you will do as you have said, won't you?
I am... free... after all the years. Free!
Please, remember the person you were before all this talk of power.\n
You would dare attempt to steal my will? I could not imagine a more horrible fate.
Has our time together meant nothing? You don't know me at all if you would suggest this.
This is not acceptable. It would seem you are a very different person from who I thought you were.\n
I could suffer the imprisonment of my body, but having my mind taken would be a horror.
We have shared so much. Why throw it all away? I only oppose this out of concern for you.
You know me. This would be unbearable. Won't you listen to reason?
Ya Zhen: Mmm... such binding holds the will of the victim. They are forced to obey your every whim, but they see themselves commit each act and can wail their shame.
Ya Zhen: It could be used to shepherd spirits gone mad, but on the living it is sublime torture. Spirit Monks were forbidden to indulge in such ways.
He brought us more fools to fight. Where's the harm in that?  Let him live... or die fighting, but let's get it over with.
Some of us find it a little more difficult to... appreciate the threat he created.
Chai Ka: Fair judgment is all that I ask.
One must always accept responsibility for what one creates.
And that means he should be killed. It's the only penalty appropriate for what he has done.
He was weak. He has shown regret. Should we be so quick to end his life?
I can't agree to that. Imprisonment, perhaps, but not death.
I am resigned to whatever you decide. I am at your feet.
This is not wise! He is a proven risk.
While I might not have agreed with execution, I have to say that I don't trust him, either.
Bah! Danger in front or danger in back; only a fool forgets to keep an eye in both directions.
I thank you. I will not let your faith be in vain.
If this unpleasant matter is behind us, we will need to decide where to go next. We can't stay here indefinitely.
Agreed. This peace will not last. It would not be wise to wait for another assault.
Chai Ka: Emperor Sun Li waits for us, growing in power. He is draining the Water Dragon far faster than Sun Hai ever managed.
Er, I appreciate the need for haste, but the Marvelous Dragonfly will need some adjustments. The landing here was... rough.
A good idea. It will allow for some adjustments to the Marvelous Dragonfly. The landing here was... rough.
I admire the optimistic view of our numbers, but we could march to the end of the Empire and it would do no good. The palace is, as you know, elevated.
I will ferry whom I can for an initial assault. Give me a few moments. We will leave at your command... when my work is done.
Ya Zhen: Emperor Sun Li is growing stronger. The Water Dragon is yielding more power to him than the previous tyrant ever managed to consume.
I... I understand. I will not tempt your wrath further.
You just don't have the capacity for forgiveness that our leader does. That's a failing I'm glad you've kept to yourself.
Chai Ka: Such binding locks the will of the victim. They are bound into service and must obey, although they remain aware of what they are forced to do.
Chai Ka: Though useful in retrieving wayward ghosts, on the living it becomes the worst of tortures. Spirit Monks were forbidden to do such a thing.
This skill must be another surprise from your time among the dead. You continue to be an extraordinary person.
It has to be done. We need to move forward, and this is the only way.
Thank you for your mercy. I prefer my mind and body to be as much a team as possible.
Thank you. One day I will earn your trust again.
Please! Have pity on him!
The time for reason has passed, I fear. Just because we have stood by our principles doesn't mean they will have any effect.
I respect your judgment.
I accept my fate.
I saw Jade Empire as a chance to branch out into more... legitimate acting. I get a lot of comments about what I used to do on stage, but you do what you have to when you are starting out.
It seems a useful skill, and as a substitute for execution, it is the lesser of two cruelties, in my mind.
It lets him live and yet be trusted and useful. An elegant solution.
I would rather be locked away than be a prisoner in my own body! You must know this will be torture for me!
Finally! Let's get this over with so we can find a new fight.
A chilling ability. I can't think of anything more monstrous... but it is preferable to killing him.
Ya Zhen: Mmm... such binding holds the will of the victim. They are forced to obey your every whim, but they see each act and can wail their shame.
Ya Zhen: It could be used to shepherd wayward spirits, but on the living it is sublime torture. Spirit Monks were forbidden to indulge in such ways.
Acceptable, if a bit too lenient.
I will strive to restore your trust in me. Someday I will.
An example must be made. Unfortunate, but necessary.
I understand. I hope in the future I can restore your faith in me.
Yes, the cost of disobedience must be enforced.
No! Are we no better than those we face? This is simple murder! I cannot let this stand.
My love... please. You know I could never fight you, but I can't follow where you are leading. Will no one else stand up against this?
I could never beat you, and we both know it. I simply cannot follow you if you do this. Will no one else stand up for Sky's life?
I... would agree with Miss Dawn Star.
I am grateful for your mercy.
Hold! Sky's fate is of no concern to me, but we cannot slaughter everyone who disagrees with you. They may be needed.
Er, yes! I am ever so useful!
Have some dignity, Hou. I will not follow this path, no matter the penalty.
I... don't have anything more satisfying to offer, but it just seems a waste of life. I can't follow such a course. Will anyone else speak up?
You are on your own, fool.
I'm sorry, but Sky is a threat we cannot afford to have at our backs.
Perhaps I have acted too hastily. I... don't wish to call my own loyalty into question.
Harsh, but perhaps necessary.
I must agree. Who will... carry out this sentence?
If this is the way it must be, I am ready.
If this is the way it must be, I accept my fate.
Another reason to be rid of you. Only fools accept death willingly! Goodbye, thief.
Ask Minister Sheng about it, if you like. I'm sure he'd be more than happy to complain to you about another problem he hasn't been able to solve.
In time, it might be forgiven. I cannot fight you, but I will not follow you if you do this. Will anyone else stand up for Sky's life?
Er... I'm afraid I must respectfully disagree with this... course of action.
His crime is too grave. Imprisonment at the least. Death is... not out of the question.
Well, I'm inclined to agree with Dawn Star. I'm impressed with the effect you have had on her.
He has risked too much. Death would be severe, but not completely undeserved. Imprisonment would be the least I would accept.
Imprisonment is... not out of the question. I would prefer a more understanding approach, but at least it would allow hope for the future.
Ya Zhen: Destruction is my wish. Cast him to the depths.
We may need to call on your services. This traitor has certainly earned it.
There are others here who may wish to express a preference in this matter.
We don't need to do anything rash just yet. There are others here with a stake in his fate.
In a quick and bloody fashion, I hope.
In a manner that shows the seriousness of the crime, I hope.
His stupidity led him here. Lock him away while we move on, and we can deal with the subtleties of it at our leisure.
It would seem that the group is again... of one mind.
Who cares what brings them to the front line, as long as they fight when they get there.
You have removed all choice in the matter. The weakest ploy of a poor leader.
Perhaps it is best that you are held this way. All others in your family descended to treachery eventually.
Examine your own weakness before daring to judge your betters, little Dawn Star. You would be here if you were stronger!
You must see that these are not the actions of a just man.
I am free to move because I know that lost causes are lost for a reason. The threat we face has... changed what is truly right or wrong.
While I do not wish to take sides in the... management of my fellows, I must agree that we need to move forward.
A leader? No, the actions of a slaver.
I hold more pity than hatred for Death's Hand now. He endured this for twenty years.
He fell because he was naive, and we have done the same. The *cod6*savior*cod6* of the Empire is just another tyrant in the making.
What choice do I have? You have taken my will. I will follow you to the ends of the Empire, but it will mean nothing.
Pretty little thing, forced to see what it truly takes to attain power in this world. A tragedy I am lucky to witness.
A greater tragedy is how you have fallen. If you accept this, what about your beloved Empire? What will become of it when our leader's evil replaces Master Li's?
A pity your ability does not bind her mouth as well.
It might not have been necessary if you had shown proper loyalty. Certain acts may seem... unseemly, but we fight a greater evil!
And becoming like that evil is the solution? I won't... I can't.
I hold pity for Death's Hand. He endured this for twenty years.
You deserve worse for endangering all of us... for risking the Empire.
I have to agree. You are forever a traitor. We could not have you at our backs unbound.
I regret this action, but better this than dead for a foolish act.
Peace is restored to the group, but our number is... reduced.
Ha! More enemies for me. What's wrong with that?
It may be a little more difficult to achieve our goals with our limited resources, but I will enjoy the added peace and quiet.
We do what must be done. The sooner we leave this unpleasantness behind, the better.
Who wants peace and quiet? Let's take the fight to the enemy and shake the very heavens with our battle cries!
Perhaps the ranks needed to be thinned, but the sooner we put this behind us, the better.
If that is what you want, I'm sure you will get it in abundance. I certainly don't look forward to confronting our nemesis with fewer hands at the ready.
I tell you, I begin to miss the melodious voice of my wife. So peaceful compared to what follows you around.
Sky's final fate is troubling, but I would not dare question your wisdom in the matter.
Our definitions of choice may differ in this matter, but it was your burden to deal with, and I would not have enjoyed sharing it.
I suppose all that matters is what is to come. It has been a rough road to get here, and tomorrow promises worse.
I have no wish to have my life ended the way his was. You will find me a most obedient servant.
Let philosophers argue the worth of fear or loyalty. I will follow whichever it pleases you to offer.
It is good to see Sky still with us, although I doubt he likes this form of servitude. Not that I question your judgment.
In my mind, it's preferable to the other options presented.
I don't have the insight to say whether his loyalty was reliable before his binding or not. Your decision was a difficult one.
I hope that eventually he will no longer need such... restraints.
Er, of course. I did not wish to anger you.
I look forward to the day when we can return to our simpler lives, although I doubt that will be easy for everyone.
Oh, it will be easy for me. I just cock an ear to the wind and listen. Eventually the shouts of my wife will make their way to me.
I hope everyone has so clear a path... and a more peaceful arrival.
That is a little troubling, but I trust your abilities. You have allowed us to survive so far.
I hope that trend continues.
While my duties don't seem to have changed much, I find this form of servitude even more degrading than the kind my gentle wife imposes.
I am not alone in my own head. My every move is echoed in my mind by your approving or disapproving guidance.\n
I appreciate your apology, but like my service, it seems a little forced under the circumstances.
If you don't mind, I must do what I can to get everyone ready for the coming fight. As you would have it.
I am beginning to recognize that. If there is nothing else, I must do what I can to ready everyone for the coming fight.
Just as you would have it.
The confrontation with Emperor Sun Li will come sooner than any of us would like, I'm sure.
Well, I can't say my time with you has been boring. Dangerous, nerve-wracking, even exciting at times... but never boring.
You know, being here with you, I almost wish I was home with my wife instead. Almost.
That seemed a drastic way to help the Water Dragon. I hope it does the trick and weakens Li.
Amazing. You give me hope. If you can defy a dragon god, maybe I could defy my wife... just once.
I suppose we must continue now, though my instincts and my feet would seem to disagree.
Hmm, let me see. I'm terrified... I'm petrified... I think my pants need to be washed! What else would you like to know about me?
I'm scared out of my wits, and I told you all the stories I have to tell. Perhaps we could resume this conversation later over some buns and tea.
Good, good. I'll go back to trying to look inconspicuous.
Your job isn't done, though. There are still more cannibals in the hill.
The hill heaved a short while ago and dislodged a panel in the kitchen wall. These creatures seemed to think it was a new way into the caves below.
If you truly want to finish this, you must deal with the Mother. The cannibals talked about her often. She's down there somewhere, corrupting everyone who gets close.\n
I now see the flaw in teaching you the style. I'll keep you supplied with wine if you keep those beasts away from me.
Well, it must be safer than this place! Good luck. You'll need it, I'm afraid.
I don't know how to get in there, though.
The cannibals were dead set against that Forest Shadow. They didn't want anyone going near the temple. Maybe you could find her and get some answers.
Now, let's get out of here before the cannibals change their mind... or get hungry again.
Thanks to your deal with the Keeper, I'm allowed to go free in your custody or company, as you see fit.
The name is Henpecked Hou, Master Bunmaker and long-suffering husband, at your service.
You may have sided with them, but at least you're human. It's a relief to be away from their hungry stares.
Why not, you already abandoned the forest to them.
No, that was unfair. You did what you did for a reason, and I'm alive because of it.
I'm just glad to be alive, and I have you to thank for that. Those beasts wouldn't have let me go otherwise.
You should meet my wife. You two would get along.
That was astonishing! I haven't seen such martial skills in an eatery since the last time I added ginger to my wife's hot and sour soup!
I kept hoping you would come over and talk to me so I could try and tip you off. It seems you didn't need my help at all.
Thank you for your great kindness in rescuing me. Now that these beasts are dead, I can finally talk to you.
My name is Henpecked Hou, and before you ask, I'm not one of those monsters. They kept me prisoner so that I could *cod6*seem normal*cod6* to the customers.
No sense dancing around it. You might as well have asked.
My wife is...unique. To say that she is as enduring as the Wall itself is to do a disservice to her persistence.
I could make similar comparisons between the force of her will and the Imperial Army, but I think you have the picture.
You have *no* idea what you're suggesting.
The last I saw of her, she was in the Imperial City. I was due back more than a week ago, and if she hasn't torn the place down looking for me, I'll be surprised.
Come with me now. I want to try Drunken Master some more.
I've cleared a path through the forest. Go to Tien's Landing.
Come with me, I'd rather not abandon you to those cannibals.
We'll drop you off in Tien's Landing.
If you can find a way to be useful, I'll let you live.
Pleased to meet...wait, did you just say *cod6*Henpecked?*cod6*
Er...I'm *cod7*FullName*cod8*.
Why don't you just leave her?
I certainly didn't mean to rescue you.
There are caves below this inn?
The Forest Shadow told me there were caves below this inn.
What do you know about this Mother?
How do they reach the caves below?
What is in the caves?
It isn't fair. If only my father were still alive... he'd know what to do.
That's enough about the caves.
What were your captors?
How did they disguise themselves?
Why did they keep you around?
Where do they come from?
We should discuss something else
Why did they keep you around? What were they planning?
Tell me about the caves.
I know all I want to know about these cannibals.
Of course, but I've never seen the style.
No. What is it?
So you can fight alongside me? Perfect.
Can you teach me Drunken Master?
Teach me how to use Drunken Master.\n
I hope you're not wasting my time.
You're not one of them?
There's something very strange here. What are you hinting at?
[Charm] Your clues were very clever, perhaps just one more?
[Intimidation] If you don't tell me, I'll have to ask the Keeper directly.
[Intuition] If you're worried for your safety, I can protect you.
Forget it. I'll find out on my own.
Show me what you have for sale.
I suppose that is a bit odd.
Are you going to show them to me or not?
Can I ask you some questions about the forest?
You just arrived and you're already keeping shop here at the inn?
Just tell me what you know.
Maybe I should just ask someone else.
Do you know anything about the Forest Shadow?
It doesn't look as though this place has had any problems.
She attacked me. I'm inclined to agree with them.
I should let you go.
I guess you don't much like your job.
I'm not here to make your life easy.
I'm sorry to hear that, Hou.
I thought you'd be happy.
Why did you become a bun master if you were a master fighter?
Well, that's not such a bad thing.
And so you became a bun master?
Hou! You need to learn to stand up for yourself.
Ouch!
Well, I guess you survived.
Poor Hou. You're whipped, my friend!
What are your thoughts, demon?
What are your thoughts, guardian?
Please, we shouldn't waste time after coming so far. We need to go back to the palace and find Master Li.
I realize you're the one with the brains, but shouldn't we be back to the palace? I had a feeling that was important somehow.
Convince Zhong
You convinced Zhong the Ox Carrier to leave with Dong Ping. The ogre will no longer worry the patrons in the teahouse.
[There is no dragon powder in the ignition pan.]
It's not so much strange as it is intriguing.
A WARRIOR TRAINED FROM BIRTH
But Kai Feng was a full Assassin. How could he have fallen?
Why don't you just leave your wife, Hou? Start over.
That seems a little far-fetched, Hou.
Do you have any proof that she's... whatever?
Being married to a spirit could have its advantages.
You may be right. Perhaps she is not entirely... human.
Are you saying that the buns were... poisoned?
Maybe you'll do better next time.
Thanks, that's all for now.
Let us forget about the impossible, shall we? Do not try to ask me of that again.
Shut up! This fool will pay!
You'll see. You'll regret this!
Lotus Acolyte of Gang, we must make an example of you! You have insulted the attendants of Master Shin's entourage!
The masters do not care whether acolytes live or die, so it is up to us to avenge the deaths of our fellows.\n
We will not appear weak! We are the Attendants of Master Shin! You will die as penance for your insult!
Your death will be an example to all of Gang's fools!
I would never move directly against Master Shin, acolyte. This matter is between you and others of your worthless kind. It does not concern me.
I trust everyone has recovered from the battle?
Why is everyone standing around? We have preparations to make!
I see there is only one topic of concern today.
What is this? Plotting behind my back?
I see there is only one topic of concern this morning.
Very well. Justify yourself as best you can.
So you listened when Death's Hand whispered. Why?
I have come back from death. Why not look to me?
I alone will decide what is done with you.
Your actions show your nature. That will suffice.
It will not happen again because I will make an example of him!
I alone will decide what is done with Sky.
What is the feeling of the group? What say you all?
Is there some concern over my acquisition of Death's Hand?
Who does not want Death's Hand here? Out with it!
I demand loyalty. If you won't follow willingly, I will bind the dissenters!
You will still love me. You'll have to. Hold her.
If this is too distasteful, I'll confine the lot of you to the flyer.
Very well. I will release the spirit of Death's Hand.
Death's Hand... Prince Kin, your spirit is free. Find peace in death.
I don't need him anyway. I am strong enough without him.
DS Good, SF Good, Sky Good.
I was a fool. Hold her.
You will still be at my side. You'll just be quieter. Hold her.
I know who I am. I am destined for greatness. Hold her.
You can still object, but your body will obey. Hold him with the others.
I see. If it is causing such dissension, I will release him.
Valid points. Who feels strongly that Death's Hand should not be here?
Death's Hand is a useful tool. More useful than some of you.
I will need him in the coming fight. He lives and will travel with us.
Sky. Stand and present yourself. I welcome you back.
I will not keep him waiting. We leave immediately.
I will speak with each of you before we leave.
My troops will march immediately!
Sky, if you betray me again, I will kill you where you stand.
I need him, but he cannot be trusted. I will bind his spirit to me.
You'll still love me. You have no choice. I'll bind you and then kill Sky.
Very well. If this is too distasteful, just confine them in the flyer.
Confine Sky, as well. I'll deal with the lot of them later.
Sky still dies, of course.
I will kill him myself. Stand him up.
I won't stain my fists on his traitorous blood. Someone kill him.
The writers at BioWare didn't know my early work, which is odd since I thought you could find *anything* on that interweb thing. I auditioned with some dramatic scenes they would be more... familiar with.
I remember, but that person is gone. I'll bind you and then kill Sky.
This is not a debate. Hold him.
If anyone objects, be glad you are not at his side. Hold him.
He cannot be trusted. Confine him to the flyer.
He will be confined to the flyer... after I beat the disobedience out of him.
He will be killed.
And what will you do? Fight me?
Hardly a rousing response, but it is enough. Very well. Sky lives.
Now I have three traitors to deal with.
Confine them to the flyer. If their use becomes apparent, we will retrieve them.
I cannot tolerate disobedience. I will bind their spirits to me.
It appears you are alone in your disagreement, Hou.
Everyone else agrees with me. Now I have two traitors to deal with.
I didn't think so. Sky will die. That is my decision.
I will do it myself. Stand him up.
I won't soil my hands on him. Someone kill him.
Do you claim that what he did is excusable?
Very well. Speak your mind, Sky.
Silence! Or I will beat you down where you stand!
If you are all through chatting, it is time to deal with this traitor.
Everyone will perform as I wish, bound or not.
Suffer in silence. There is much to do before I even think of releasing you.
I regret the necessity of this, but there is too much at stake.
I trust there will be no more questions about my tactics?
Extreme measures were called for. I had no choice.
He got the fate he earned. Be careful what you earn for yourself.
I had little choice. I needed his loyalty.
And if you wish to keep it *cod6*your mind,*cod6* you will continue to agree with me.
I know what you mean. Hopefully we can all find our way home again.
I have come to enjoy the power I command.
I apologize, but it is necessary.
I don't care about your concerns one way or the other.
[Giggling laughter.]
I think we should keep going. The Guardian says so, too. The city is the center of the Empire. All roads lead there... all winds, too. We can fly! I've always wanted to fly.
The Guardian says this place is like home... almost. Here goes home? Home comes here? I... I don't understand...
Chai Ka: This place is close to the spirit realm. Spirits, both good and evil, can find their way here, bonding with or corrupting those who live here.
The Guardian likes it here, but it's scary, too. He's not the only one who likes it...
The Guardian says that evil men dwell here, and that their sins strain... um, *stain* the stones around them.
He says this place is like the ruins where you found us. Many voices, all at once. They don't like what's happened or the people who live here... or the ones who passed through.
You should learn to let the past go.
You won't do any finding. I'm ending your existence now.
Is there anything else you wanted?
You need to repair your ship? For the place you're going and the man you want to find? The Guardian says it is a mightier task than you think, but that you're special, too.
*I* think you're special, too. All the others are people, but you're different. I like you.
A... about me? Wh... what do you want to know? You want to talk to him, don't you? The Guardian?
He doesn't want to come out now. He's too busy... holding on inside. He says you should talk to me instead. He says for me to be cheerful and not always repeat what he... oh....
I... I don't really know what to say... I don't really do much. I just go where the Guardian tells me to go. Where we're needed. I trust him. He won't let them hurt me.
The evil men, the bad ones, and... the Other. But he says not to worry, that none of them are here now, but they follow you, which is why we've come.
I... I don't know. He's always been there, inside me. Together. I follow him wherever he takes me. Wherever we're needed.
Now we're needed here, with you. You're the last, he says, so we have to protect you, to make sure balance is restored. You hold the amulet and can use it, unlike....
Oh! He says I've already said too much. He doesn't like me talking about him while he's busy. Maybe... maybe we can talk again sometime? But for now... not about that.
The Guardian wouldn't like me talking about that. He's... busy now. The Other is... hurting, and he's keeping him inside. All the evil that has been done makes him stronger.
I... I shouldn't say. Just by naming him... thinking of him, it draws him closer to the surface... gives him more power.
The Guardian said that in all things there is balance, and for light there is dark within each of us. The Other is his darkness, for the good he has to do. That's what he says.
I... I can't talk about him. Already he hears me, and the Guardian is having trouble keeping him back. Please... don't mention him again.
The Guardian is here because of you and the amulet you hold. He is here because there is a debt to be paid. But balance must always be maintained, and so... the Other.
The Guardian is... my friend. He is a part of me. But the Other... he is a part of me, too. Sometimes they pull so hard in different ways, it... I can't.... [crying]
I... [sniff] I try to be strong, and the Guardian gives me hope. But... sometimes it's all I can do to convince me I'm still myself. Will... will you stay with me, and keep me in myself?
Th... thank you. [sniff] I'll try not to be a bother, but the Guardian says we must stay with you. I hope you'll be my friend.
[sniff] I understand. I'll try not to be a burden, but the Guardian... he says we have to stay. So I will.
Okay.
This place is evil. I don't like it here. The people... they're hurting, too. A black cloud hangs over this place. Please... don't leave me behind here... not alone.
Is there anything else you want?
That strong lady... she's the princess? I... I didn't know that women could be that strong. We're always supposed to be weak and left behind.
But there's you... you're strong! And a lady as well! I think you two should get along and be friends. We should meet her again.
Chai Ka: You are not weak, Wild Flower. You are as strong as any woman I have ever known. Trust in yourself. And you, mortal, treat her tenderly.
I don't like what we have to do. Aren't the Lotus Assassins evil? Why should we try to imitate them?
Chai Ka: To find the heart of evil, you must look within your own. A noble heart can resist any temptations. Do not stray from this path.
I know that I won't, and that being around Lotus Assassins won't corrupt me, as long as I have the Guardian... and you.
Now you're... you're one of them, aren't you? But not really, right? We have to find them so we can stop them. I know you can do it!
All the people whisper in fear about them, but you stand up and fight back. But the princess said you'll have to get inside their fortress to find them.
Chai Ka: The fortress of the Lotus Assassins... hidden among the graves of the Necropolis. A fitting place for their corruption.
This... this place isn't good. I feel like the Other is pushing on the back of my mind, trying to escape.
You should never have called him out... you shouldn't use him at all. He's like... pain... in my head.
Ya Zhen: But sometimes pain is useful... and feels so good. You must reach the highest levels of these Assassins to get what you want. Don't limit yourself with petty morals.
He hurts... Please don't call him again.
Chai Ka: Hush, child. I won't let him harm you. But this place... The evil here brings him closer to the surface. You must pass through here, but not at the expense of your soul.
Chai Ka: Do what is necessary. Find what you seek, but do not delay here, or it could cost the girl dearly.
The Guardian... he helps me sometimes, when the pain is bad. He makes me feel better.
We're going to see the Emperor aren't we? That's what she said, right? I always wanted to see the Emperor. But... we're just going to talk to him, right?
The Emperor is a part of heaven isn't he? Close to the gods... No one like that could ever do evil.
Chai Ka: Your innocence shields you, child, but not everyone, no matter how exalted their station, is pure. Evil can find its way into the heart of any man... or woman.
Ya Zhen: Ha! What does this little automaton know about what's really inside people? I'm the true inner self, stripped of all delusions and pretensions. Keep that in mind.
I... I don't know. You must go to see the Emperor, and I know the Guardian wants to help you, so... I do to. You've done so much for me, and I'll do anything to repay you.
They don't come out very much. The Guardian protects me and keeps the... the Other inside. When the Other tries to get out, it feels like my head is going to tear itself apart.
Yes... But the Guardian has always been with me, and I trust him. The other one has been there too, but... smaller. They won't say why.... They say we have to be with you now.
I... I don't know. The Guardian... he's always been with me. The other one, too. But they never really tell me why.... They say we have to be with you now.
Chai Ka: Hush, child. I will speak for now. This child has been chosen as the vessel to allow me into the mortal realm. She is my gate into this world, and I am her protector.
Chai Ka: The amulet you carry had been hidden in the village by the last of the Spirit Monks and the whole area flooded. Those remaining behind died and it was lost forever.
Chai Ka: But the dam had opened again and the water receded. I am bound to protect this amulet, but to exist in this world, balance is needed. With good, evil. With life, death.
Chai Ka: Of those who died there, I chose this one as my host. She was reborn through my power, and I within her. But balance required that my heavenly presence have an opposite.
Chai Ka: Yes. He is within this child as well. He cares nothing for the amulet or the girl. He would break them all to pieces just to have his chance at freedom.
Ya Zhen: Ha! You care too much for this whelp.
Chai Ka: Quiet! Stay inside. Do not mention these things to Wild Flower, Spirit Monk. She is only dimly aware of her past, and this knowledge would harm her further.
Chai Ka: We needed a host, and she was there. I did not expect balance to require that both I and Ya Zhen be within her. It is almost too much for her to bear.
Chai Ka: We are both here inside her, but Ya Zhen is different. He cares nothing for the amulet or the girl and would gladly sacrifice her to escape.
Chai Ka: No... I will not permit him to be free now. He damages this child, and since I was the one who chose her, I bear the responsibility of it. As to why it was her...
I... I can't call them out right now. I... I don't think it would be safe. They are fighting again... inside.
I... I... Ahhh!
Ya Zhen: It's time you and I had a talk, mortal. You've been paying too much attention to this girl's problems and the *cod6*Guardian's*cod6* advice. We need more realism here.
Ya Zhen: You know I'm evil and want to kill everything. I know I'm evil and want to kill everything. Why quibble about details? You help me, and I help you. And I want out.
Ya Zhen: The girl is already dead. She's a walking corpse. She's nothing to anyone. What I want is the body. I need an anchor, and this little walking meat puppet can provide that.
Ya Zhen: But Chai Ka gives me trouble. He's in my way. He's weak, but the girl sides with him. To take control, I need your help. And I'm willing to offer servitude for it.*cod2*
Ya Zhen: Ha! You say that now, but when the time comes, we'll see how much power tempts you. And if you continue to refuse, I still have ways to get my revenge.
Chai Ka: Back into the darkness, Ya Zhen! You tricked me so I wouldn't hear you talking, but no more! Spirit Monk, it is unwise to speak with him. He knows only lies and deceit.
Chai Ka: For the sake of the child, have no further dealings with him. He is stronger now; he might be able to force his way out, or be called. Resist him. Do not listen to him.
Ya Zhen: Why not? How long do you live, anyway? I'm immortal! I have forever to get what I want. A few decades doing odd jobs for you would be worth it for my freedom.
Ya Zhen: I knew you'd see it my way. The time is not right, now. Soon, though, I'll have my chance, and then you'll know what it's like to have a *real* demon for an ally.
Th... there is something here. Some evil thing has happened here. It beats on my mind, and the Guardian... he... can't... hold it back.
Chai Ka: No! I won't let you do this! Not now!
Ya Zhen: rrrrRRRRRAAAAAGH!
Ya Zhen: You can't stop me from being here. I may not be able to leave, but I can talk... and see. I see you mortal. I've been watching you.
Ya Zhen: Ha! I am Ya Zhen, the Other of whom Chai Ka and this girl speak. They have suppressed me ever since we inhabited this body. But this place is different.
Ya Zhen: The evil around me has given me strength--for now, at least--and has opened potential doors.
Ya Zhen: I don't claim to goodness, mortal. I hate your kind, but we can work together. If you help me, I shall help you, and I'll be much more valuable than *cod6*the Guardian.*cod6*
Ya Zhen: Bah! Who cares about her? She's just another insect. This is about what I can offer you. When the time comes... what? No! Chai Ka, you won't make me go... no!
Chai Ka: You stay below, Ya Zhen! You won't harm this girl or this world! And you, Spirit Monk... avoid him. For the sake of this girl, don't let him out.
I... I'm sorry. They were... fighting again. I'll be all right... soon. Just... just give me time and I'll be all right.
Ya Zhen: You're passing up the chance for greatness, mortal. We both know you're tempted. How can you... What? No! Chai Ka, you won't make me go so easily. No!
Ya Zhen: Good. Good. All we need to discuss are the details. I find this prison restricting, and as soon as I can... What? No! Chai Ka, you won't make me go so easily... No!
Ya Zhen: The time has come, mortal. I won't share this shell anymore! I'll destroy you, Chai Ka, and her mind, as well, if I have to!
Chai Ka: He... He is too strong here, in this place! You must help me, Spirit Monk! For the sake of the girl, fight with me against him!
Chai Ka: Then come, we must face him inside the girl's spirit.
Ya Zhen: Ha! I knew you'd see it my way. Come into what's left of this wretch's spirit and give me my freedom!
Quickly, there's no time to stop and talk. We must escape this place before it becomes our tomb.
There's no time for discussion. We must confront Jia and get out of here.
Thank you for what you have done here. Ya Zhen has not been banished, but his strength has been greatly depleted. He will not harm the girl again.
She will not know what happened here, only that it was important, that the darkness is gone, and that you are to thank for it.
Free at last! Now this pitiful girl will feel agony for resisting me for so long! And you... with this girl's mind as the offering, I bow to you... my master.
The Mother, the demon they serve, is now strong enough to send her minions to attack us directly, breaching the sanctity of this place with her magic.
Ooooh....
I... No!.. I... [gasp]
Ya Zhen: Find the Emperor. Face him. No matter what his daughter says, you can do what you want. What's the point of having a will if you do not enforce it?
Ya Zhen: I am at your disposal, of course.
What would you like?
This palace, it's... wondrous! I never thought a place like this could exist! But the Guardian... he says that something is wrong... it's not right.
Chai Ka: This place is steeped in magic. The very stones burn with it, but... there is corruption, too. At the heart lies something outside the bounds of nature.
Chai Ka: Whatever fate guides us, it surely leads us here.
Hello again. Do you want to talk to me or the Guardian?
I'm... I'm better now, thanks to you. You put the Other back down in a place where he can't hurt me anymore. You've done as much for me as the Guardian, and....
And I'll never forget it. No matter what. If things here... if they turn out well, I hope, someday, when I'm older... we could meet and... be friends again.
I know that to stand by you, it won't be me, it'll be the Guardian, but my hopes go with him.
Chai Ka: I harbor a great sadness over the fate of Sky. It was your right to decide how he should be punished, but that does not make it any less unfortunate.
Chai Ka: I am glad you chose to show mercy to Sky, although the whole situation is still very unfortunate. Many have been troubled by these events.
Chai Ka: The presence of Death's Hand is not welcome, but it is your choice. The continued torment of the soul removed from him is troubling.
Chai Ka: You have dealt with dissension in the manner you saw fit. I will not pass judgment, for your task ahead is too important to risk on such disagreements.
Chai Ka: You lead as you must. I will serve the will of the heavens and follow in your steps.
Chai Ka: I do not. You have suffered enough interference from my kind and many others.
Chai Ka: You would be better served listening to the wisdom of the child within: Do what you must, but be happy.
The Guardian says he'll be at your side when you need him.
Ahh! No... no! I... [shriek]
Ya Zhen: What do you want? I owe you a great deal for freeing me. This body should serve well... as long as it lasts.
Ya Zhen: Your mortal fates are such interesting things. Such amusing toys. But if you get what you seek here, and your ambition is realized... remember a faithful servant.
Ya Zhen: Ha! And if you fail... well, then I'll have your soul to toy with, anyway, as with this girl.
Ya Zhen: So sad that Sky was killed, but so appropriate. I could feel his anguish, his self-loathing. His spirit will stew for ages over that.
Ya Zhen: Sky should have been killed. If he had died at the peak of his anguish, his spirit would have stewed in torment for ages.
Ya Zhen: Death's Hand is an interesting acquisition. I look into him and see a void where Kin should be. It's like staring into an abyss.
Ya Zhen: Those who don't agree with your wisdom should be punished. You are more merciful than I would be, though this body is too weak to enforce proper... mercy.
Ya Zhen: Things go the way you want them to. It's not up to me to pass final judgment on your effectiveness.
Ya Zhen: I hope things are fairly clear to you by now. Either you or your master will fall.
Ya Zhen: I recommend that you not let it be you.
Ya Zhen: I'll be ready. Just be sure that you are.
Ya Zhen: What is it now? Hurry with your preparations so we can move on to more... interesting things.
I sense something strange about this girl. She is more than she appears.
Well, this is certainly odd. I'm guessing there's more here than meets the eye.
The Guardian is coming. He's very mad. He got mad at this man and hurt him. You better go away right now, or he'll get mad at you, too.
I don't matter. Only the Guardian matters. He's going to be very cross with you. You should run before he gets here.
He made the Guardian mad. The Guardian hurt him. He'll hurt you, too. You should run away.
[Sigh] It's too late. I told you to run away, but you didn't listen. Now the Guardian's here, and he's going to hurt you. He's really mad.
The Guardian wants me to give you this. That man over there had it. It's an Inscrutable Power Source. The Guardian says you might need it.
The Guardian doesn't know what it's for, but he knows it's important. Otherwise, why would that man have had it? You better keep it for now.
The Guardian says we don't have to stay here anymore. He says we have to go with you now. Is that right?
Good. I like you. The Guardian likes you, too.
She is dead.
She said it was an accident. The food had turned bad.
Tell me what happened again.
What are you doing here, little girl?
What happened to this Lotus Assassin?
Who is this *cod6*Guardian?*cod6*
I'm not afraid of any Guardian!
Make sense, girl!
I think I better go now.
Inscrutable Power Source? What's that?
What would I need it for?
The demon could be useful, as long as you don't get in the way.
Come on. You and Chai Ka are with me now.
Stick with me for now. I want to see what the two of you can do.
I'll leave now.
Where can I find your wife?
No. I've decided to put you down myself.
It was an accident.
Why don't you shut up and listen?
What do you think of our current situation?
You haven't said much, and you're already irritating me.
Tell me a bit about yourself.
No, I'm asking about you.
Yes, I want to talk to him.
Won't let who hurt you?
How did he get inside you?
Where do you need to be now?
I want to learn more about you.
Who is this Other?
The Other is like the Guardian?
Why are they in you in the first place?
That must be terrible for you.
Be strong, Wild Flower.
I'll help you, Wild Flower.
There's nothing I can do.
You're too much baggage.
Deal with it.
This Other is... hurting you?
The Guardian is battling the Other inside you?
Nothing right now. We'll talk again later.
Are you all right with the demons inside you?
This must be very hard on you.
How did they come to be inside you?
Why did you choose her?
You mean Ya Zhen.
Imperial Soldier Ghost
Wild Flower is dead?
A pair of demons inhabiting an undead girl?
Why are you here?
I want to speak to Ya Zhen.
I want to talk to Chai Ka.
I want to talk to Ya Zhen.
I want to talk about the demons within you.
I won't let you harm this girl!
You'd offer servitude to me?
What do you need me to do?
I have nothing to say to you!
I've been waiting to talk to you.
What about the girl?
I want nothing to do with you.
I think we can work something out.
You must be the Other.
I've been waiting to meet you.
I will aid you, Chai Ka.
No... no! No, I... aaaaarrghh!!
*cod15*- This is only temp dialog to inform you that you will not be able to talk to this creature in game. you need to talk to wildflower.
I will aid you, Ya Zhen.
What is that little demon host doing now? We don't have time for this!
It's still disrespectful to the dead!
You think your treachery will kill me, mortal? It will only set me back. As long as the corruption remains in this world, I will endure! Now die, along with this stupid girl!
You have betrayed our cause. If Ya Zhen wins, Wild Flower's mind will be shattered. You are the last of the Spirit Monks, and hold the amulet, but... I cannot allow this!
You go no farther!
You're gonna die!
You won't know what hit you!
What do you think of this place, demon?
Fuel Cheat Chest
What do you think of this place?
How are you, Wild Flower?
What do you think about what has happened here, Chai Ka?
Do you have any wisdom to share about the coming fight, Chai Ka?
Be ready. We will be leaving soon.
Our fates will be decided soon, demon.
What do you think about how things are progressing?
Any advice for the coming fight?
Be ready. We will leave soon.
We must hurry to my father. This entrance allows me to come and go as I please. There are no guards or sentries here to hinder us.
Wait! Someone is coming.
It seems this entrance is no longer as disused as I believed.
P... Princess Lian! What are you doing here... and dressed like that? I'm sorry, Princess, but Death's Hand ordered this area sealed and....
That is of no concern to me. My father's will is law, and it is to him that I will speak. Stand aside.
I... I'm sorry, but I can't let you pass. Please, Princess! There are Lotus Assassins throughout the tunnels with orders to attack all who enter.
You dare disobey my order? You force my hand.
Princess?
You can double tap the movement keys to evade powerful attacks. Try this now.
That will teach the fool to try to give me orders! Shall we go? Our meeting with my father can't come soon enough.
I must hear it from my father's mouth. I must hear how he explains all these lies, the golems, Death's Hand... all of it.
I am restricted within my own home. The arrogance of what Death's Hand has done knows no bounds. Regardless, this path will still be the least fortified.
You go ahead, but only take one other with you. The rest should guard the rear and only fight if needed. I do not want a full war within these sacred walls.
I would prefer to be up front, but if not, I will catch up if there is anything important to say. Come. Let's go.
This man was more concerned with my safety than keeping me out. No alarms have been raised. We are still secure.
We must reach the throne room unopposed. He will wake in a few hours. Shall we go? Our meeting with my father can't come soon enough.
This is one of the many spires within the palace, where visitors are raised as if by the glory of the Empire. Without a guide, you could be lost here for days.
I wish we could have visited the palace under better circumstances. I feel like an invader in the heart of my own land. Let's keep moving.
We are nearly to the throne room, although my father has let these unseen parts of the palace fall into disrepair. These chambers are the tombs of past leaders.
The latest tombs belong to the Emperor's brothers, Prince Sun Li and Prince Sun Kin. You have caused me to doubt this, but here they are for your own eyes to see.
These are the tombs of the Emperor's brothers. Of Prince Sun Li the Glorious Strategist and Prince Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven.
That is what you said he told you, but here is the tomb of the Glorious Strategist before you. Is this all a lie?
No... they have been sealed for twenty years. I don't have any more proof than what was announced to the people.
I don't know what that is worth anymore.
And your next question will be, *cod6*What is in there if the brothers aren't?*cod6* I can't say, but my father will explain everything. He has to.
But... your conviction is disturbing. I will definitely bring this up with my father when we confront him.
We are close to the throne room. The longer we take, the more questions I have.
I... don't know what to believe. I have to get to my father and let him explain.
Why would you say that?
That... that can't be possible, can it? Prince Sun Li was killed twenty years ago, along with Prince Kin. Your master was lying... or perhaps testing you.
Besides, you wouldn't want it to be true. Palace records say the Glorious Strategist was killed after trying to overthrow the Emperor.
The people were told that he and Prince Kin, the third brother, were killed defending the empire. Perhaps they fought each other, or were both traitors?
Perhaps Death's Hand tried to influence your master before my father, but now you've called my father into doubt. I don't know what is true anymore.
No, they have been sealed since my father announced that they died. That was just after Death's Hand became his right hand.
I'd always thought Death's Hand had a role in their deaths. Now I don't know what to think.
Of course not! It's been twenty years since they were entombed. Why would you even ask something like that?
The latest are the tombs of two men who were greatly mourned. The Emperor's brothers, Prince Sun Li the Glorious Strategist and Prince Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven.
You should have an interest. These tombs are proof against a foolish notion that you had some time ago.
You dismiss too quickly. These men were greatly mourned by all: the Emperor's brothers, Prince Sun Li the Glorious Strategist and Prince Sun Kin the Hand of Heaven.
Here it is... the entrance to my father's throne room. I doubt he'll take this intrusion kindly. Especially not with... with the information we've learned.
I... I don't know what my father has done, or what his reaction will be, but I want you to know something.
I care for you, and I want to explore what we mean to each other in more... intimate surroundings.
We have to face my father, but afterwards we must sort out this mess you have created... this confusing tangle of hearts you keep at your beck and call.
I agree. If I am in your heart, say so. I will not be a secondary plaything of yours.
So perceptive, and such a skillful tongue.
You are a vulgar woman, Princess.
And you lie to yourself about it, but that is a topic for another day. The Emperor awaits.
I see. Such an abrupt end to a skillfully manipulated affair.
I don't understand, but I know I won't put up with this. Let's do what we must against this Emperor and get out of here.
We have to face my father and find out what has happened... what he has done. If we still can, afterwards, let's find what we truly mean to each other.
I think there will be some new rules put in place, ones that allow princesses to see whom they wish. Now, to the Emperor.
If you are lucky, I'll use them to bind *you.* Enough of this for now. The Emperor awaits.
Ahh... I longed for you to say that, and I will hold you to it. Now, to the Emperor and your master.
Hmm, that's right, you don't. Now let's get this over with so we can return to more pleasurable tasks. The Emperor awaits.
I... I've never cared for someone like this before. Not for any man... or woman for that matter.
Then this is it. This is what you were meant to do... to face the Emperor in the heart of the Empire. All our hard work... Sagacious Zu's sacrifice....
After all of this, all I can think about is how much more there is to be said between us.
I... I have come to rely on that. Please, no matter what happens beyond these doors, do not forget who you are.
Destiny has a way of changing the rules. We have come this far... I could not bear to lose you.
Destiny has a way of changing the rules. After all of this... I would never forgive you if I were to lose you.
I understand. Instead of words, a promise for tomorrow.
Strange that you turn into a poet now after showing me your darker side. We will live because I would never forgive you if I lost you now.
I see. I am sorry I distracted you. Just know that... my thoughts go with you, even if yours are not with me.
If you two are through, we must find your master and... and the truth of what has been happening in the Empire.
Now we'll find what has happened to your master and... and the truth of what has been happening in the Empire.
I can only hope that my father has been the victim in this. I pray he has the answers I seek.
The fate of the Empire depends on it.
Get out of my sight.
You have seen nothing of my temper. This... indignity is beyond all belief. I would kill you if I could.
Don't you dare mention that night in the same breath as this abomination. Giving is beautiful... it is something few are fortunate enough to experience.
You disgust me. Such a petty use of power.
You can command what you wish, but my heart holds nothing but hatred for you. To think the fate of the Empire is in your degenerate hands!
Leave... you sicken me.
[Princess Lian obediently stops talking, but her eyes blaze with hatred.]
It was not lost. It was stolen. The only passion you will see from me is in combat if I get free.
Care for me? You don't even know me if you think I would accept this!
Whatever you force upon me, I am lost to you. Let there be no doubt in your mind; my heart is cold.
It is all you will ever have. Take me, take the Empire, take it all; in the end, you will have nothing that matters.
There is no strength in this. Only the most insecure leader would command such forced obedience.
Are you so fearful of opposition? Poor child, grasping for control.
No choice? Lies! I see now what a coward... what a child you are. You are no better than your master, doing anything to get your way.
If only I were so lucky, but I still feel your presence. I believed you were someone special. Now you make me sick.
Alone? You are the one who is alone. Forced obedience means nothing. You will see.
I have seen everything that I believe in torn apart, one after another. Hopefully, it is all over soon.
The Empire has suffered at the hands of fools for too long. Wait until they see the new Emperor I am bringing them.\n
Sun Li is a fool. If a member of the royal family is to be enslaved in Death's Hand, he should at least be in competent hands.
And Sky... that worm deserved far worse, but I'm sure he will still serve as an example.
We will make things right. Tomorrow will bring a new rule, I know it.
Let the heavens try and stop it. I doubt they have that power anymore.
I will make certain of it. You and I are owed that reward.
Respect is earned, not forced. Show that you have the wisdom to use the power you have before claiming something that might be beyond you.
It is a lesson I wish my father had learned.
For twenty years a fool has misused a wonderful gift. If the opportunity to make use of that strength is given, I hope you make the right choice for the Empire... and us.
Power is nothing. My family has proven that great strength only amplifies the mistakes made. With the wisdom I bring to your side, I know the Empire will prosper.
There will be more. Don't let the weight of your choices cloud your vision.
I will be there, watching what you do. I trust that you will make the right choices for the Empire and its people. I won't let either be abused again.
When the time comes, all the power in the world will be at your disposal. Remain true to the glory of the Empire and all will be well.
The power that has been unleashed cannot be handled carelessly. The fate of the Empire is at stake. You and I will make things right.
I will be ready. Don't worry.
You were wise to kill Sky. It is sad, but he deserved no less. If the Empire is to be safe, those that place it in peril must be removed. Our cause is too great.
I wanted Sky dealt with in a more permanent fashion, but if you are certain we are moving toward a free Empire, then I will stand by you.
The sins of my family must be dealt with. Only then can the Empire regain the glory it has lost.
Try all weapons. Use your Fight Style keys to switch weapons.
Use the Left and Right triggers to switch among targets.
It may be too late if what we know is true.
Maybe we should seek another path.
Why should you lead? They obviously know your secrets.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled a new beginning for the Jade Empire, and a personal awakening in Dawn Star. Despite the loss of the Master she thought she knew, with the restoration of the natural order the Empire seemed alive with possibility. She had seen the heart of the land in turmoil, so she retraced her steps, replacing memories of destruction with sights of renewal. Soon she found herself back in the ruin of Two Rivers. It was painful, but she took comfort in knowing that the fish were abundant and the land remained fertile; eventually new settlers would come. She replanted her garden, a flower for each of her lost friends, and set out across the Empire once more.
Accept the custom character?
Who is entombed here?
There was a time when I might have disagreed with such a ploy, but that was before you showed me how to stand up to this world.
Master Li is the Emperor's brother and he is alive.
Have you actually seen inside the tombs?
If Master Li is alive, what about Prince Kin?
Let's get going.
Why shouldn't I? Your father's word is hardly worth more.
This can't be the tomb of the Glorious Strategist.
Master Li is the Glorious Strategist. He told me so.
His word is hardly worth more than my master's.
It doesn't matter. Have you seen inside the tombs yourself?
Bah! I told you already that Master Li is the Glorious Strategist.
That's impossible. You must have been lied to.
Are you certain of this? Have you seen the bodies?
Whoever Master Li is now, he is not the father I never had. If he deserved that role, he would have recognized me. He abandoned me by never searching.
I have no interest. We should get moving.
I am more concerned with... with what I have now. Sometimes I wonder what I would do if I lost you.
You are second to none, Dawn Star.
You both feign annoyance to hide your intrigue. We will discuss it after we deal with the Emperor.
This is neither the time, nor the place! Both of you shut up!
And what of the court? What of the rules that bind you?
I'll stand by you, my Heavenly Lily.
I want no one else, my Silk Fox.
I won't wait. You have my love, Dawn Star.
Be silent, my Dawn Star. If it *must* be said, then we are sure to live until it is.
And now is not the time. Let me concentrate.
I'm ready. Let's go.
I have some words for your father, too.
Now, now. Temper.
Such fire... why couldn't you have been like this two nights ago?
I have merely removed the guesswork.
But so amusing. We will work on your performance later.
Enough of your chatter. Be quiet!
And hardly worth it. You've lost all passion.
I only wanted to ensure loyalty. I still care for you.
I will have Kang construct slippers. Your obedience is all I want.
Be grateful. You will stand at my side. Or slightly behind.
I had to preserve loyalty. As a princess, don't you understand?
Say what you wish. I will not be swayed.
I was left with no choice in the matter.
You seemed perfectly happy to let me have my way two nights ago.
Fine, I will leave you alone.
I hope there is time for us in all of this.
Everyone will respect the power I bring.
I have made some difficult decisions to get here.
Be ready. I will signal when we will leave.
I am not here to fight you. I have information you might find useful... if you are willing to trade for it.
Not quite yet. There is much you do not know, and I may yet enlighten you... for a price.
Powerful forces are at work here. You are caught in great events that are beyond you. But I may have use for someone as... impetuous as you.
Trust? I never said we should trust each other. I don't trust you at all, but our goals may be similar.
I want nothing more than for you to continue your journey. You seek the old man who was taken from Two Rivers, correct?\n
Of course you do. He was taken by Death's Hand. I could tell you where his minions have gone... for a price.
A simple trade: I tell you where the abductors are, and you tell me who that old man is.
I've underestimated you once. I will not do so again. Attack me here, and the local guards will have you in a noose.
What I ask is very reasonable: information for information. Tell me who he is.
You mix truth with lies. He must be more for Death's Hand to keep him alive. Still, you've told me what I need to know.
Sun Li... ha! You think me a fool? You are either a liar or very, very confused.
You don't know as much as you think you do. But you have answered my question, and I will answer in kind.
The Glorious Strategist has been dead for twenty years! Everyone knows this! You mean to confuse me, but I am not a willing fool.
No idea? I saw your concern over the destruction of the village. Do not think to fool me!
I will let you maintain this deception for now, just to see where it leads, but we share an enemy in Death's Hand. For that reason, I will help you.
It would take a season to reach the Imperial City by land or water. Air is the only quick way, but you need a wind map. I know the location of one.
Lord Yun governs much of the Great Southern Forest. He petitioned the Lotus Assassins for a wind map so he could settle a trade disruption.
Of course, that has earned him their attention, in addition to whatever trouble is infesting his lands. I doubt he has time for charity, but you might try to find him.
Upriver from this village is a pirate stronghold, the river fortress of Gao the Greater, a minion of Death's Hand.
The flyers that attacked your village came from that stronghold... and returned there.
The old man must have passed through it. He may still be there, although I know that Death's Hand has already moved on.
I have matters of my own to attend. If you survive, we will see what use you are to me.
Do not presume familiarity with me. Our paths have crossed for a moment, but no more. I have matters of my own to attend.
His flyers give the Lotus Assassins mobility and speed. If you can stop Gao, or even hinder him, you will hurt Death's Hand.
Remember, if you want to reach the Imperial City, you must go to the forest and get that map from Lord Yun. My path takes me elsewhere.
If you actually reach the Imperial City, I will be impressed. Until then, I wish you luck. You are a surprising little peasant.
Remember, if you seek the old man or revenge on Death's Hand, go to Gao's fortress. My path takes me elsewhere.
I do not seek a servant in you. Although that much fire in a man's spirit is... stimulating.
It is clear that you are one of his hirelings, or perhaps one of Gao the Greater's marauding pirates. You will pay for the crimes you have committed.
Don't waste your last breath on lies. I didn't get there in time to help anyone, but I saw you leave the massacre in Two Rivers. Clearly you were involved.
Death's Hand went too far in ordering its destruction, and Gao the Greater sought to profit from it. My retribution will end with them, but it will begin with you.
Enough!
The way you move seems odd... a flaw I cannot see, perhaps? But you are... better than I expected. You might even beat me, if I allowed such insolence.\n
You are too skilled to be just a hireling. Death's Hand would view such ability outside his assassins as... dangerous, and Gao the Greater prefers his servants docile.
So it would appear. You lack their branding... but if you are not one of them, who are you? A monk? A mercenary? A bandit?
You chase a great evil... larger than you realize. Leave, and you may survive. Others have tried to face Death's Hand, but were destroyed, as Two Rivers was.
Bamboo Cask
Your honor sends you toward peril, but you do not flinch from it.
A trait of fools... and perhaps the occasional hero. I also seek answers from Death's Hand and his minions.
If you truly oppose him, you will need to find your way to the Imperial City. Of course, only the Lotus Assassins can come and go as they please, thanks to Gao.
Travel routes by land and water are blocked, but they use wind maps and flyers to further their goals here and in the surrounding forest.
Perhaps, if you are capable, we will meet again. I wish you good luck, but you will need far more than that to survive.
You show no fear, even after seeing the power he wields.
Death's Hand may be our common foe, but the enemy of my enemy is not necessarily my friend.
I see truth in your eyes; you seek revenge on Death's Hand. You are not my enemy, but... who are you? A monk? A mercenary? A bandit?
You have managed to survive. I suppose someone of your skill cannot be easily dissuaded.
You may call me Silk Fox. I apologize for my previous aggression, but I thought you were in league with an enemy of mine. I was clearly mistaken.
You are more skilled than I expected, but I rarely need to escape from anyone. I had to... step back, which allowed me to see that you are not my enemy.
I do not follow Death's Hand.
What do you know of Gao the Greater?
Get out of my way. You won't delay my revenge.
I am not in league with Gao or the Lotus Assassins.
Chair
That is why I must face him: to avenge the dead.
I will pursue them both! I am not afraid!
My business with Death's Hand is my own!
Who are you? Why do you fight the Lotus Assassins?
Get out of my way. I'm after Death's Hand!
Who are you? Why did you attack me?
Another ambush? You barely escaped last time.
Get out of my way.
Why should I trust you?
What do you want for this information?
I could beat it out of you. You can't defeat me.
The old man was Master Li, my teacher.
He is Sun Li the Glorious Strategist, the Emperor's brother.
Believe what you will. I know the truth.
Do not call me a liar!
Why? What do you know?
I have no idea. Now, tell me where his captors have gone.
Help me to defeat Death's Hand.
Now that we're friends, who are you really?
What do you know of Gao?
Thank you for your help. Farewell.
I will not be your errand-boy!
I will not be your errand-girl!
I know you're very busy, but if you happen to have time and be passing by the beach, I'd appreciate it if you would at least ask Old Ming.
If I'm lucky, he might know of an herb, and if heaven smiles upon me, he'll know where to find some.
I think I know enough about this herb.
I hope you took a moment to celebrate as you flooded the valley.
Whatever you hoped to achieve by drowning that sad place will soon be undone.
Sergeant, if you will, eliminate this pest.
You hope to appeal to my sense of pity? What's next? *cod6*The town was suffering. Think of the people!*cod6* Bah. My loyalty is to the Empire!
That is precisely the idea. I'm sure you are very confident in your skills, but I assure you that these fine men of the Imperial Army are more than your match.
The Sergeant knows his place, and he understands that what we Assassins do is for the good of the Empire as a whole.
If a few people suffer, then they do so for the glory of Emperor Sun.
You treasonous dog! This dam is one of Emperor Sun Hai's great civic projects, and you smash its controls like they were nothing!
Your acts spit in the face of our glorious Empire, and for your treason, you will die.
An order given by the Lotus Assassins is obeyed without question, and to the letter. No one wanted those controls to be disabled permanently!
These worms are beneath my notice, let alone my concern.
We are the will of the Emperor, and if we choose to flood this place or empty it, that is our prerogative.
You have interfered with our plans, and now you will die. That is the way of things.
Wait! You don't need to follow this Assassin's orders, Sergeant!
You'll have to go through me if you want to open this dam again.
It was your order that emptied this lake in the first place.
An Assassin caring about the people of Tien's Landing? Won't that make you seem weak?
If you're here to kill me, try it. Don't waste my time posturing.
The Scourge of the South has destroyed whole villages in the south. Many innocents have suffered at the hands of the Scourge.
Out of sheer spite the Scourge flooded ancient ruins... wantonly destroying our very own heritage.
Out of sheer spite the Scourge interrupted the economic trade in Tien's Landing and all the towns surrounding it. Hundreds have fled.
The Scourge associates with nefarious fox spirits, aiding them in their occupation of our once pristine forests in the south.
The Scourge associates with foul beasts and cannibals who are responsible for Lord Yun's untimely demise in his family's forests.
A group of river-faring businessmen have been attacked and forced to flee. Nobody is safe from this criminal.
His own master died at his hands, and he had fellow students kidnapped and tortured, just because they didn't agree with him.
Her own master died at her hands, and she had fellow students kidnapped and tortured, just because they didn't agree with her.
If you think you've seen this person, you must report it to the authorities at once. It is your duty.
Sergeant
Old Man
He will find you. I had my contacts spread rumors of your interest. Just return to the arena.
Anything else you want to know about the ghosts?
Eh-heh, right then. If you need to find me, I'll be at my house a little farther down this path.
If you need to find me again, I'll be at my house down the road.
Warehouse
Slave Pen
The child screamed for help; his cries were shrill with terror, for he could not swim. I moved to help him, but I felt a hand on my arm.
The boy I loved turned to me and said *cod6*If we help him, he'll only tell the others what we've done. We have to let him go.*cod6* Something in his voice.... I believed him.
That poor child was swept away in the current and was found dead down river days later. We never told anyone what we had done, but I could never forget.
I have heard that you have a bounty on your head.
To Workshop
Good day to you. Are you here to help my friend, Prefect Jitong, with this little difficulty we're having?
Oh, no, I suppose you aren't. Well, then I really shouldn't be speaking to you. I don't want to make his job any harder than it is already.
That's terrible! Why would he do such a thing?
What happened to the child?
Captain Sen is a well respected man here in the city, but something about him makes my skin crawl. His ambition is well hidden; perhaps that's all there is to it.
It's a shame, but the army gave up trying to arrest me years ago. Too many casualties. Guess I should have sent home more missing limbs than missing heads.
If this captain wanted a real hunter, he should be hiring my wife. There's a woman who can scent a crime from miles away.
*cod246*
Gate Guard
First Gate
Second Gate
Cave Entrance
Teahouse Door
Please, I don't want to talk.
My head moves as you direct, but that makes you a master, not a friend.
Yes, I was a bit of a fool to let you get so close to me. You were... special to me. Now, I don't know you.
My heart is no longer yours, regardless of how you direct my body. If I am merely a toy, perhaps payment should be arranged.\n
I have never forced my will on anyone. You really do know very little about me. And I did not know you.
I do not look forward to your next visit.
[A hateful look for a moment, with no sound or words. Just a second or two.]
You expected otherwise? How would you react to being manipulated? Perhaps by striking back, even across the Empire.
How like your Master you have become.
If you think my reaction to this is a surprise, you know very little about me. Imprisonment... even death... is almost preferable to losing all control.
I cannot atone for my deeds if I am not allowed to act. You compound my shame by not giving me the chance to correct what I have done.
After what we have been through together, you must know that this is unbearable.
I am sorry, I did not understand how deeply you have been scarred by betrayal and treachery. You are becoming just like your master.
You collar those who would be friends so that they have no chance to oppose you. That is not strength. That's fear.
I do not know who you have become. When this is all done, will the people of the Empire recognize you as one of their own or just another tyrant?
Was it? If you believe that, then you truly do not understand the depth of my shame for my actions.
It would seem that you do not understand me, or the shame I now feel because of this imprisonment.
There was a time I kept thoughts of you very close to my heart. Now I want you out.
I wish you would, but I feel your mind within me.
We are a long way from the farm I once called home. I never thought I would make such a journey.
But you have shown me what power can bring. The closer we get to our goal, the more intrigued and... excited I am at your potential.
The toy you have taken is interesting too. It is a shame that Dawn Star and the princess could not appreciate the value of having Death's Hand as a puppet.
Time? Of course. Who would dare stop us? If you will it, it will be.
Anything else would be unbearable. I can't even begin to think about what we will do after this is finished, but I want whatever it is to keep us together.
And many of those who have fallen deserved to do so, but there will come a time when all the tyrants will be gone. I hope your rage will depart with them.
Yes, the old oppressors must be ousted. Then you will have enough power to enforce the freedom that people deserve.
Such anger in your voice. When this is all done, I will help you enjoy some simpler things. Your burden is too great.
I will help you carry that weight, but I'm not sure how much use I can be.
I will stand by you. Once the corruption is excised, the Jade Empire will be a blank slate, my friend.
You seem poised to take control of the Empire. Power brings freedom, and I will be there to do what I can.
Nothing can move me from your side. No matter what comes, I will be there for you.
I will be ready. Rely on it.
It is a shame you could not take Death's Hand for your own, but I suppose it is best to cast off old enemies whenever possible.
I am sorry for the pain I caused you. I risked everything. I will not take this new opportunity you have given me for granted.
Your master is a formidable opponent. We cannot leave the Empire in his hands.
What does the central pedestal do?
What colors typically represent what seasons?
Can you tell me anything else?
Could you repeat what you said before about the furnaces?
What! Zi Bao? Gone? It's... it's all my fault. I never should have entrusted this mission to a stranger. And now I'll have Songtao's death on my hands.*cod2*
My style is faulty!
Here you are! I was despairing for your return. What news do you bring?\n
Back off!
His corpse has risen, covered in the protective wrappings he was buried in. I... I would not have survived. Please, get the liver from him quickly!
He lies buried in one of the large tower-tombs closer to the entrance of the Necropolis. His body has risen, covered in the preservative garments it was buried in.
He is most dangerous. If I had not fled, I don't think he would have left me alive. Be careful there, but please, hurry so my daughter can be saved!
Tell me about the nobleman.
Leave Zhong alone.
Zhong! You can't stay up here forever. This isn't your home! You need to come back with me to the farm.
No! Zhong not want to go home. Zhong doesn't want to see ox.
[sigh] It wasn't your fault... it was an accident. I need you back at the farm, now let's go, Zhong.
I am Dong Ping, Zhong's employer. Zhong works on my farm, but the other day, he accidentally killed one of my oxen, and since then he has refused to come back.
Zhong is no ordinary ogre. He is, despite his simple nature, very skilled.
Well, I'm glad to see you are back. What was that all about?
Some of the patrons here are unnerved by his size. I'm worried that if he doesn't leave with me soon, the owners may take matters into their own hands.
If he gets hurt... or worse, I'll be ruined. I can't run the farm without him. But I don't know what else to do. He won't listen to me.
You... will? I must warn you... Zhong is... well, he's very strong willed, and very strong. I am grateful for your help, but please be careful.
Zhong the Ox Carrier came by his name honestly. I would hate to see him hurt you, or anybody else, for that matter. Speak softly to him, and you should be okay.
Yes, indeed it is.
Excellent idea. Your next opponent is Third Brother Renshan.
Once you've defeated Third Brother, come and see me. Good luck.
A good idea. Your next opponent is Fourth Brother Yu.
What have you done? How will I run my farm now? It's bad enough with things the way they are in town. Now I'm surely ruined!
Who are you, and who is Zhong?
What's the matter with your ogre?
What are you doing with an ogre?
Don't worry, I'll speak with him.
I'll make sure he leaves.
That's your problem, old man.
A wise decision. Your next opponent is Fifth Brother Shangjin.
Very good. Your next opponent is Sixth Brother Gaoshan.
Go away! Zhong not want to speak to you.
Zhong kill ox. Zhong too strong, too rough with ox. Zhong not want to hurt ox, Zhong only playing. Now Zhong cries for ox.
Zhong not want to go. Zhong think you should go before Zhong get angry. Zhong not mean to kill ox... but will mean to kill you if you make Zhong mad.
Ox like to play with Zhong. Ox like it when Zhong throw her in the air and catch her. Zhong missed. Zhong dropped ox on her head. Ox is dead.
Zhong no play game. Leave Zhong alone, or Zhong will crush you. I will throw you and drop you on your head like I did to ox.
Ox was Zhong's friend. Zhong killed a friend, and now Zhong is bad.
Master already have another ox. Poor ox... Zhong killed ox's sister. Now ox won't like Zhong anymore.
Master have other ox. Master won't starve... master better off without Zhong.
Ox not dumb... ox was smart. Ox's brother is dumb... but now ox has no sister. Zhong is very bad.
[Success] Zhong is lonely. Ox must be lonely, too. Maybe ox will forgive Zhong, and we be friends again. I will go and see.
You have been nice to Zhong. Zhong like you. Zhong hope you have good day.
Noooo! Zhong won't let you hurt ox!
Why are you so upset?
My, you're a big one aren't you?
Get out of here, Zhong, or I'll throw you out!
I believe you. I'm sure you didn't do it on purpose.
Tell me exactly how it happened, Zhong.
No more games, Zhong! It's time to leave.
Maybe you can get another ox.
You don't have a choice. Look at me.
You seemed to like such direction the other night.
You can still be of use to me. You might even enjoy it.
Ooh, you don't like being a plaything? Lingering guilt over past behavior, perhaps?
Silence!
I find your tone very unappealing.
You are so distant. Is this really so bad?
Certain obedience is far more useful to me than trust.
The handsome rogue is lecturing me on using people? Amusing.
I have learned to use my strength. Is that so bad?
It had to be done. That is all I will say.
I am sorry, but binding you was necessary.
I know your shame. I quite enjoyed it the other night.
Will there still be time for us after all this is done?
I will destroy anything in my way.
Some of these decisions have been hard to make.
Ready yourself. We will be leaving soon.
I am no common bandit. I've been hunted by far worse than you!
Let's go. The main camp is to the north, but there are soldiers all around this area. If you want to find trouble, let's do it quickly.
I do not blame you. There are times when *I* do not trust myself, but I will help you here today.
You don't really have much to lose by following my lead. You would have to turn back without it. Now, let's get moving.
I can refuse some fool determined to get lost in the swamp, but I doubt your friend earned her fate. Gao the Lesser shouldn't get such a prize without a fair fight.
Dawn Star? I know that name, but I still can't... I don't look for trouble. Fighting about it is pointless. You would still be left without your directions.
Gao the Lesser? I know the family. This is a brazen act, even for them, but now I understand why their men are clearing a path through the marsh.
Carrying someone? They took someone from your village? That is very brazen, even for them, but it explains why they are clearing a path through the marsh.
If you know that name you know they are not choosy about who they attack. Would a bandit stop to ask you why you are in the marsh?
I see your point. There are differences. Tien was a knowledgeable man, whereas I feel that a person can sometimes think too much.
I don't believe I need to explain myself beyond that.
I meant nothing. It's just that I was trained fairly well, so I recognize when someone else is skilled.
I am no bandit. Stay on your guard if you want, but I have no desire to test your training. I've passed through your village once or twice. I've seen your skill.
Yes, this is her. She killed the twisted ones for us.
Vase
Yes, this is him. They died because of him; the monsters.
There's always fire in his eyes. Dark magic burns inside him.
Yeah, but this time it was worse. Better stay out of his way for the next little while. Something really set him off.
Suspicious? Oh, heavens no. Everyone here is extremely legitimate and completely normal. Yes, indeed.
Erm... well, no, not him. He, of course, isn't usual in the usual... er, sense. Not at all. Everyone else, though, is perfectly legitimate.
General questions? Who has time for such mundane subjects! Go ask one of the scholars. One of the *other* scholars, that is.
Indeed you should. There are many things that I must attend to or science itself will suffer.
I'm still here. Have you figured out what you're going to do with this poor wretch yet?
You need more proof than my pathetic attempt to pose as a scholar? How about the fact that Lord Rento was out of town when I *cod6*bilked*cod6* him.
Not that anyone but Lady Rento will confirm that for you. Still, it should be apparent that I'm not some great confidence man.
I'll admit that I can't match the bounty on my head, but I could give you half of what they're offering. I have an idea how I could get out of the city, too.
Remember: Find my body in the palace and destroy it, or you will not be able to defeat Sun Li. Enter the portal. I return to you the life that was so wrongly taken.
We should go see Captain Sen right away if you're sure. Is now a fair time to go down to the gate to get me out of here?
The only easy way out of this city is through the gate that Sen is guarding, and he's looking for me.
However, if I disguise myself as a mercenary and sneak past him, I might just get away, but you have to help me by distracting him.
Just tell him that I've already escaped, and I'll get away just fine. I can't imagine what might go wrong.
I understand. Attend to whatever else you had to do, and if you are still willing to help me, come back and see me.
[Sigh] All the best actors die young.
I suppose I'll just wait here. There's no point in running, as you could track me down easily enough.
Wait a minute... you there! Who are you? You can't be up here!
I hope you're not here to pester me. I'm a very busy, important, and educated man, you know!
Don't even bother lying to us. It's clear you're no scholar.
Of course not! I'm... oh drat. This isn't working at all. How did you know?
You're here to hunt me down, then? Lord Rento has it in for me, and I figured it would come to this.
So, there is no discouraging you. You have come to the heart of the Assassins, and you already have enemies. Are you certain you are ready for what you will learn here?
I don't think the choice is yours anymore. This is my realm, where my demons hide. You will be forced to see them.
You have shown little interest in my warnings, but now you will see.
We have discussed much in our time together, but not everything. I left some things buried, but now you have descended to their level.
Whose side is worthy of having me? Is your motivation so clear now that you walk these halls?
Are you? Are you sure you know what kind of person I am? Is anyone so transparent? Are you?
Go, your new master is waiting. Secure a place near the heart of the Assassins, and you will be near your goal. Grand Inquisitor Jia is key.
It wasn't always like this. Fear used to be the primary tactic. Destroy the family of one to ensure the loyalty of all. It caused chaos, uprisings. Close allies turning on each other.
Kill Master Shin, my superior.
You are beneath notice, but you have surprising skill. No one will suspect you are planning such a thing, and no one will miss you if I have to kill you for refusing.
I'll get out of here yet! You'll see!
You approach the soul extractor. The Assassins want you to create a spirit shard; to crush a life to power a golem puppet. They are very efficient in their brutality now.
Why trust me with this? I have only just arrived.
They seek control. There used to be a chance to disobey, when the order given was too harsh... the victims pointlessly innocent. Now there is only obedience.
Just go, the thieves await you. Remember, the deepest mines. They are closed now, for being too... troublesome. That is where you will find what you need.
I was one of the elite, and before that, part of the Order of the Lotus, but I am still shut out of some places.
The deep tombs hold malevolent spirits from a time when the Empire nearly fell. Chaotic and powerful, they hunger for revenge. I'm sorry, but I must be sure of what you are.
Zeng Sai the Tree that Defies the Fire was one of many that threatened to level the Imperial City. The Spirit Monks, your people, stopped them. Or so they claimed.
I gambled that the vengeful spirits of these marauders would sense if you truly are a Spirit Monk. So many people are not what they seem to be. I had to be certain.
The Assassins use slaves for their golems now, in part because of tombs like this. That was a remnant of the Old Empire, the spirit of an ancient invading Horselord.
I had to be certain. I won't trouble you much longer. Now that you have disrupted Zeng Sai's spirit, you can take his body from his grave and use it in the extractor.
Even in life his kind were devoid of restraint. His spirit is pure chaos; a shard made using his ancient corpse will cripple the Jade Golem and those it commands.
Present the shard to your master, and it will earn you passage to the inner chambers. There you will find the information you seek, and you can proceed to the palace.
I will make that plain soon enough. Appease your master. When you are ready to enter the inner chambers, I will tell you why your success is so important.\n
This fortress holds many secrets. Some are valuable, some are dangerous, and some are hidden because the dark is where they belong.
Even if you are acting on selfish instinct, you have to see that leaving your enemy stronger would be foolish. This was a profitable move.
When you finish your master's other task, present the shard to earn passage to the inner chambers. Inside is the information you need to proceed to the palace.
You could, but I won't trouble you much longer, anyway. Now that you have disrupted Zeng Sai's spirit, you can take his body and use it in the extractor.
You are nearing your goal. Grand Inquisitor Jia keeps many secrets in the inner chambers. Enough to appease the Princess and earn your way to the palace.
But you may learn more than she wants to know. I know that I did, many years ago.
You know that Master Li tried to stop his brother and failed. I was not there to witness that, so I only have the details that you are aware of yourself.
Hui in Tien's Landing told you that in response to that act, Master Li's wife was condemned to death. She was with child at the time. This I know for certain.
I was there. I was one of the elite ordered to kill Master Li's family.
Death's Hand brought the order to kill the family. We were cowards if we could not see the wisdom of his order. It was the will of the Emperor.
I could not question the orders. They could not be wrong.
Dirge was burning, your master had fled, and we stood over a woman who had just given birth. I hesitated... and she was killed.
For years I wondered what kind of creature could issue such an order and what I was for following it. It was easier to be a coward than to question the Empire.
Now I understand, and I hope I have shown you, as well. They broke a sacred trust. I have returned because of that, even though I know what Death's Hand is.
My fate is sealed, but one secret must live on. I killed them all, my fellow Assassins. I would not let them finish their mission.
Master Li's child still lives.
You needed to know my role, even if you have not proven to me that you are any more thoughtful than those you pursue. I have secrets that will remain mine.
It shows the depths to which even principled men will sink if the order comes from high enough. If you don't want to listen, fine. I will keep my secrets.
But heed a simple warning. If your enemy begins to look familiar, it's not because *they* are changing. It took me a long time to learn that.
I have little use for morals, but honor? I have seen what you will face, seen his power. I ran once.... I hope for your sake you have not shaken my resolve.
I don't suppose running would do me any good?
This is what passes for justice in the Imperial City?
I was unjustly accused! I simply petitioned Lady Rento for some silver to support me as an actor! Patronage, it's called.
She agreed, but her husband flew into a rage when he found out, and now I have a death sentence on my head!
It's not fair, and if you were a decent person, you'd help me get out of this city instead of taking me in. It's the only way I'll get clear of Lord Rento's wrath.
All manner of studies. The History of Dramatic Systems, Applied Theology, and... erm... Celestial Integration! All of these are vital pursuits of knowledge.
Not that you would understand such lofty matters.
Well, you see, drama can be broken down into several systems, and I study the history of those systems over time. How they've changed, and that sort of thing.
I trust your plans go well, despite the dangers you face and inflict. Is there something I can do for you?
The time is coming, but not yet. There is a great challenge ahead of you, and I will be watching very closely.
Not everyone has to be destroyed. This wasn't necessary.
The pursuit of power demands sacrifice.
I told you about your village, and that's all I'm going to do. Get going. It's not my business, and you don't want it to be.
We should leave this place. Death's Hand obviously didn't want any survivors. He may send more Lotus Assassins to check on Gao's men.
Hold your attack, young student. I am not your enemy. This was... a misunderstanding.
I have tried very hard to go unnoticed, but I also need to eat. I've been on the outskirts of your village once or twice to trade goods. I saw you training.
My name is Zu. I have been called Sagacious Zu, if you prefer a title. It's a name I share with the first emperor, Sagacious Tien.
That is... a personal matter. You'll have to take my word that I'm above common robbery, if not many other things.
Besides, I have already shown that I have no love for the more common kinds of filth roaming out here.
If you know that name you know the type of men the family employs. I wonder... does their increased presence in the marsh have anything to do with why you are here?
They took someone from your village? That is very brazen, and it explains why they wanted to clear a path through the marsh.
No wonder you came out here as you did; you're looking to rescue someone. You probably gave no thought to your own safety.
That is very selfless of you. I tend to think more... efficiently.
I did hear something about a camp. They seem to be killing bandits so they won't be disturbed. There wasn't much more. I just wanted some peace and quiet.
No. I'm not interested in looking for trouble. I'm sorry, but I have my reasons. As bad as this is, you are better off without my help.
Your first special is Radiant Aura, a protective shield.
Dawn Star? I am... familiar with that name. But I still can't... I have spent a long time avoiding trouble. I don't want to go looking for it now.
Wait. Dawn Star... your friend... should not suffer because of my reluctance. A group of men went to the north. They had a large pack that was giving them trouble.
That may be where their camp is. There's no way to leave the marsh in that direction... not on foot, anyway. I will show you. It is easy to get lost.
You don't know me. Never forget that.
Now come, we have some catching up to do. We'll find them. Like I said, they can't get out in that direction. Not on foot.
I will try not to make you regret it. Your task is probably complicated enough as it is.
You act like you know me. I've never seen you before.
If you are not an enemy, why are you out here?
Why were you fighting Gao's mercenaries?
A student has disappeared under strange circumstances.
You must know the swamp well. Can you lead me in the right direction?
You were right: You're not a bandit, you're a coward. I'll find Dawn Star on my own.
Thank you. I knew there was a shred of decency in you.
Your assistance is welcome.
I will go the way you say, but I will be watching you.
Why should I believe you after you refused me before?
You changed your mind when I mentioned Dawn Star. Why?
Well, if you see a student named Dawn Star, at least show her how to get out of here.
I should beat it out of you! Dawn Star deserves better than your cowardice!
You seem familiar with their type. Is there anything else you can tell me?
My friend is missing. Gao the Lesser may have something to do with it.
Just tell me if there are more and if they were carrying someone!
Gao's men seem to be clearing the marsh of outlaws. You could be a bandit.
I don't picture a thoughtful and perceptive emperor fighting in a swamp.
Why would my training interest you?
I'm in a hurry. Someone was taken from the village by Gao the Lesser.
You could be just another bandit. Keep your distance.
Well, it's the application of the study of theological things, isn't it? For instance, knowing about spirits and then finding a use for that knowledge.
Well, no, not really. This is the study of applied theology, not the application of studied theology. That's something else entirely!
Celestial integration means just that; it's integrated... celestially. Thus the relationship between the heavens and earth is one of integration and, er, celestial.
It's a very advanced field of research. It would take several lifetimes to understand it properly, which is why my position as a scholar is so irrefutable.
Oh, I doubt it. You don't look the type for heavy reading.
No, but I am, and I certainly haven't heard of you.
You're far too fit to be properly read.
Of course, none of my books are published yet, but as a scholar, and a respected one, I will most certainly pen some marvelous books someday.
Well, yes... unless your theories are astoundingly brilliant, which is the case with me!
A shame. My studies are very important to me. I am a scholar, after all.
You're Creative Yukong, aren't you?
Let's call it a hunch.
Your *cod6*studies*cod6* weren't very convincing.
That was a pretty sad example of posing as a scholar.
It won't matter in a few moments. You'll be dead.
Lady Rento said the charges weren't real.
How did someone of your skill manage to con a noble anyway?
If you run, you'll only die tired.
Whose side are you on, Zu?
I am eager to have your help.
If you know something that can help, get to the point.
Most people who decided to trail an Inquisitor would have been caught and eliminated within moments. You must be exceptionally skilled. Either that or you're lying to us.
The Imperial Army is weak, filled with questioning generals that do not know the path to glory. Even we Assassins envy the pure subservience of a golem.
Can I ruin their plans *and* get what I need?
Talk to Scholar Dongow
If you have something useful to say, get to it!
I'm sick of you interrupting! How are you avoiding capture?
I trust I no longer need to prove myself to you?
What do you mean, you won't be leaving?
So you are staying? Rejoining your old accomplices?
A normal shard would earn me passage, too. This battle was pointless.
I should kill you where you stand.
If you have something to say, Zu, now is the time.
That is a remarkable admission. Go on.
So you did it? You murdered my Master's family?
The soldier always blames his commander.
You take credit, but there is no way for me to verify this.
Why does this matter now? What is the point of this?
Zu! This better be important to interrupt now!
What sort of studies keep you so busy?
Why don't you tell me more about the History of Dramatic Systems?
How have these systems changed?
Are you ready to talk, Zu?\n
If a man can't defend himself, then what good is he, really?
That was... so cruel. I do not know if I have the stomach for this.
[This large tomb is marked with a simple carved blessing board. The dust around the tomb lid looks disturbed, but you see no way to open it at this time.]
[Placing the token from the Lotus Assassin recruiter in a recessed portion of this blessing board causes a barely audible click. The tomb opens.]
You have become Gang's favorite, and that diminishes the rest of us. The golem army is replacing us as it is. It's time you learned your place.
I disagree, and so do my companions. It is hard enough to get ahead in this place without you distracting the master!
After you fall, Master Gang will realize he should have focused on us instead of you. That's all that matters.
If his favorite acolyte falls, that will prove it was a mistake to neglect us! We regain our place, and you are gone!
We want our place back, and if you have to die for that to happen, that's fine with us!
I am prepared this time! If you fall, Master Gang will have to turn his attention back to us!
I did not mean to offend. I am sure there is room for all of us.
Master Gang will not appreciate his favorite acolyte being threatened.
If more of you want to die at my hand, so be it!
I am not ready yet, Master.
We must move quickly, mortal! I guided you to this place; If I fall, your spirit will be lost forever.
You have your map, and your flyer is ready to go. I don't know what else you want to do here. I suggest we get on our way as soon as possible.
I'm not really looking forward to getting back to the Imperial City, but it appears both of our paths lead there.
I don't know what else I can do for you right now. If I can help you, I will, but for now I've got nothing new to offer.
I think it's unwise to trust the Emperor's daughter. She acts without regard for her station, but she is a slave to it, like we all are. What other truths might she have missed?
She may have good information for you, but I suspect she has her own agenda. Be careful.
I must stop you, mortal. Your choices will have greater impact than the soul of one girl.
What exactly is applied theology?
Could you give me an example?
Celestial integration? You made that one up.
Do you have any works I would have read?
Wouldn't you have to have written several books to be a respected scholar?
Have you spotted anyone acting suspicious here?
Even the Outlander?
Would you mind if I asked you some general questions?
I should leave you to your thinking.
Do you have any proof that you're falsely accused?
What would my help be worth to you?
I think I'll help you instead of collecting your bounty.
I'm ready to help you now.
I'm not earning any silver talking to you. Time to collect a head.
I don't really want to deal with you right now.
Anyone here could kill me, but there are always witnesses like those men over... uh... like those....
Hmm... it would appear that there would be no witness to my murder other than my slaves. That is... unfortunate. Perhaps we could come to an arrangement.
But... all they can do is hide until there's a chance of escape. Curse the heavens, I knew dealing with the Assassins would be the death of me!
Monstrous! Fight, slaves! Protect me! It's your lives too!
Then what? They try to hide until a slim chance for escape comes? Just because I force them to serve me doesn't mean I treat them poorly. They wouldn't harm me.
Would you?
Uh... your master demands an answer...?
Move somewhere else. *Now!*
Too late. I'm killing you and setting your slaves free. I don't need your store.
Too late. I don't need what you are selling anyway. I'll kill you *and* your slaves.
Actually, it might be amusing to let your slaves kill you.\n
You know what you have to do. Let's get on with it.
The Lotus Assassin fortress is dangerous, but we have no other choice if we are to prove Death's Hand is a traitor.
I chose you because I knew you could handle this. After you get what I need, I will take you to the palace.
I hate the assassins. Can't they see the strings that pull at them? They are unquestioning, and even believe they do my father's bidding by following Death's Hand.
I will expose all of this. Do everything your *cod6*masters*cod6* ask of you and they will take us into the inner chambers. Then we can prove all of this to my father.
You've given me proof... even if I didn't want to hear it. We must go to the palace and confront my father. I must have an explanation.
I'm ready to guide you to the palace whenever you wish to leave... though I would prefer it to be sooner rather than later.
There is no time for discussion. We should hurry to my father as quickly as possible.
Too large a subject for your mind to comprehend, I'm sure.
This answer should be interesting. I have a question I would ask of this *cod6*scholar*cod6* if you would permit me.
Well, of course not. A student of theater are you?
I was just wondering about the recent shift in dramatic presentations away from the customary iterative productions where the fourth wall is regularly deconstructed.
Does the shift towards more codified productions, with barriers established between the presented world and the actual environment, create a more immersive experience?
I... er. Well... ah....
That's what I thought.
Well, there's the... new system, of course, but everyone knows that. Then we have the, er, old system, which, as you may surmise, is no longer in use.
That's a brief summary of my latest work, at any rate.
Oh, it's all very complex, and I really don't feel like describing it to you at any length.
That's how you know I'm a scholar, you see. An unwillingness to share all the information I have.
My friend would like to ask you a question, if you don't mind.
Can you outline some of these systems for me?
That's enough about the history of dramatic systems.
Who are we to step in when a personal challenge is issued? Captain Sen could usually take care of himself.
I expect Captain Sen's death will haunt us with paperwork for months.
With all the flyers, the gate doesn't see the use it once did.
Have you heard about this Scourge of the South? Sounds like the Lotus Assassins are on edge.
I'm not here to be your guide. Talk to Bai the Outcrier if you need directions.
This city's usually fairly calm, but there are reports of ghosts in the countryside.
Captain Sen made his share of enemies over the years, but Aishi the Mournful Blade is a foe you could be proud of.
I wonder if they'll send another officer down here anytime soon. If not, this could be a long shift.
This gateway isn't as busy as it used to be. People are skittish about traveling.
This whole Scourge of the South thing sounds made up to me. How much trouble could one person cause?
If you need assistance, Bai the Outcrier is near the Imperial Arena.
What is with all these stories about ghosts these days? Has gullibility finally consumed the Empire?
You... what do you want? Have you come to torture me more? Have you come to see me suffer here unavenged? No one cries for Merchant Bai.
You know of me? You have heard about the pains I suffered in life and this continued torment I have to endure in death?
You... you can understand? You don't run in terror like the rest. Instead, you talk to me... Perhaps you can help.
I was a merchant in life. Not a rich one, but I made enough to survive. I sold mostly to the poorer sections of the city. My goods weren't the finest, but they were practical.
At the time, there were a pair of brothers, Si Tsu and Si Ran, who were the terror of the streets. They extorted money and goods from everyone. They tried to extort from me.
When I wouldn't give them what they wanted, they... they decided to make an example of me. They killed me... and mutilated me... and left me dead in that alley.
They terrorized the city for weeks after that, but they were finally run down. That might have been where it ended, justice done, but it wasn't....
They were buried here, with me! Their deaths, execution by beheading, were harsh enough that they have risen again!
My spirit cannot rest quiet with them here. Even now, in death, they mock me and torment me as they did in my final moments of life. They drive me mad!
Yes! Yes! If my killers are at last removed from this world, their spirits will no longer torment me! You... you must find a way to defeat them and drive them from this place.
They were common criminals, so they were not given a normal burial. They were dumped in a communal grave underground, to the south. I'm sure you can find them.
Thank you, stranger, if you can truly help me. If... if you do, I'll show you something that even Shen hasn't found yet.
They... they were. They caught me in an alley and demanded my goods or my life. My goods *are* my life. How could they take one or the other?
You know nothing, then! Begone if you're of no help to me!
You... you seek to destroy me, as well? You're no different from them! But... but I can fight you! And kill you! And I will!
You again? What do you want? To make my suffering and tormented existence even worse? Be gone with you if you're no help!
Have... have you managed to defeat them at last?
Please, find them and destroy them. They have made my death unbearable, even after they took my life!
Thank you! Thank you! I feel as if a great weight has been lifted from my... er... spirit.
Here, let me show you this.
Something Shen hasn't found yet. I hope you use it well, and... thank you.
This is all that binds me to this tormented existence! Please, stranger, find them and destroy them so they torment me no longer!
You are Merchant Bai?
Tell me what is bothering you.
If I help you, will you rest peacefully?
Where can I find them?
If you're mad, I'll just destroy you.
So they killed you?
I heard they were killed as well.
I really don't care about your problems.
I really don't care what's wrong with you.
Why are you causing trouble here?
I've been paid by Shen to put you down.
I haven't found them yet.
I have defeated them.
If you don't go back, your master will starve.
I don't have time for this right now.
It's the truth.
Forgive her.
You two can make up on your own time.
I'll just leave you two alone for a bit.
If you can't accept the truth, then there is no hope for you.
I won't let you.
Take her, then.
Then I'll end both of yours!
The fish is mightier than the sword.
My family would have named him after... after I passed beyond. Shen must know, or there must be some way to find him. I remember so little since I... I passed away.
He was my darling child. My only son. I had planned to name him... I... I don't remember what it was. So much of the past is unclear to me now.
I remember... There was an... aunt? An uncle? Or was it his father? I... I don't remember it any clearer than that. Every time I try to grasp it, it slips away.
I'd... I'd have to see his grave. I'd have to see it with my own eyes. And look inside... If he was dead, if he was here, I'd see the tiny spark of his spirit there, calling to me.
But... if it isn't... if it isn't him. I'm so close to breaking completely now. The madness that has overtaken all the other ghosts here has its claws in me as well.
My despair is so great that if you lie, if you prove false, then all hope would be lost, and I fear I would descend into madness from which there is no return.
Are... are you sure? I know I wouldn't be able to stand it if I was separated from him again. Please don't let this madness consume me. Are you sure it is the right grave?
I... I cannot read. Which... which one is he?
This... this is a woman! Who is this woman?
You... you lied to me after all! Everyone... everyone lies and takes my precious things away!
I... I can't take... this....
This... this boy... he is not mine. He is not related to me!
This... this old man. He can't be my son!
You're Miss Chan?
What has Shen done with your baby?
Your baby is dead, Miss Chan.
Whether you like it or not, he's dead.
What can you tell me about your baby?
How would I prove your baby is here?
I think I know which grave belongs to your baby.
Yes. I'll show you.
This is him. Chan Han.
This is him. Chan Li.
This is him. Chan Deng.
This is him. Chan Tuo.
I need more time to think about it.
I'll look for your baby.
How can I prove to you that he is dead?
I'll go out and look, then.
How can I help you find your baby?
Your baby was a boy?
I'll speak with Shen.
You're dead. You know that, right?
Shen has paid me to put you to rest, spirit.
I'm putting you down. Now.
How can I prove to you that your baby is dead?
I haven't found your baby yet.
I don't care about your dumb ox!
[Intuition] The other ox will be lonely if you don't go back.
Get out of here, or I'll kill the other ox myself!
Thank you for getting rid of that... thing. Business is bad enough without that ogre scaring away my customers.
Here's a little something to thank you. It's not much, but it's about all I can afford these days.
We are here. Have you any other directions? Perhaps I should sweep the ground before you walk on it.
Please, Princess. This slavery is bad enough without you making light of it.
I would agree.
I... I'm very sorry... Zi Bao got away.
Get out of here!
Here it is!
I should have known that wouldn't work?
Ha! That was a good one.
I've been practicing!
Feel my sting!
Let's go!
I'll win this one!
Time is up for you.
Aishi
Your own ancestors would not approve. The dead do not like to be disturbed.
Ya Zhen: Ah... and another one begins.
What is your next wish, Master?
Please... please. You've got to help me. It's my son!
Oh, it's terrible. He's back there behind the arena, and he needs your help.
No... please. Please... my boy is innocent and just needs your help. You're strong; you can help him!
Thank you... thank you so much. Just follow me.
But... who will help my son?
What's wrong with your son?
Sorry, I don't have time. There are guards nearby who could help.
Get away from me, crazy lady.
Lead on. It sounds like there's no time to waste.
Hold on. Why would you let your son play behind the arena?
I don't have time for this. Leave me alone.
Hey, she did it. I guess we won't get to slice up the boy after all.
That remains to be seen. Keep the boy... and the woman. We may yet have need of them.
Hold your tongue, or I'll have it removed... before I kill you. We've been looking for you, or someone who looks like you.
Killing Gao the Greater was a very big mistake. We have other leaders and other means. The Guild is not going to just... go away.
Maybe you do, and maybe you don't. It really doesn't matter. You fit the description... roughly. That's all that matters.
We know you just arrived here in the city, and you fit the description... roughly.
I'm just glad we found you first. There's a lot of people looking for you.
Come on out boys... it's time to gut this pig!
Yes... I'm afraid my boys need a little... release. You understand I'm sure.
Go slowly boys... make sure you savor the moment.
Who are you? What do you want?
Let the boy and his mother go!
Only cowards use women and children to protect themselves!
I don't know what you're talking about.
What makes you think I killed Gao?
Don't be a fool. If I can kill Gao, I can kill you too.
Hold up a minute there, friend. There's a fee for passing through. It's not much, just a few silver will do.
You don't get it. We'll get our fee... one way or another. You pay... or you don't leave.
Because I said so. Is that good enough for you? You pay, or you don't leave. Got it?
You don't understand... you're already here. It doesn't matter which way you want to go... you pay, or you don't leave.
We're not alone neither. We've got friends... but if we have to call them over, then the fee goes up. Everybody likes to get paid.
[Failure] Nice try. It'll take more than that to scare us off.
[Success] Okay, okay! We have to try don't we? It's the only way to make a living around here.
C'mon. Let's go find someplace else to collect.
Transcribed leaf note
A note scribbled by Kang that he copied off of a leaf floating around Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations may be found in a chest in *cod6*the cages of animals kept for sport.*cod6*
The Test of the Closed Fist
I suggest you move along before you get hurt.
I'll just head back, then.
[Intimidation] Move, or I'll gladly kill you and your friends. No charge.
Patched together note
I'm going to clean the ground with you!
Gravestones
Yes, of course. I have some very... interesting items now.
Of course, of course. Thank you for your help. Come and see me if you're interested in more of the same. Good fortune to you.
Who are you and why do you want to know?
Yes, I own it. Why do you want to know?
And now you want me to help you, I suppose.
What exactly do you want me to do?
Enough! Just tell me what you want me to do.
It is a little rickety actually.
Begone if you're of no help to me!
Kang's right, this flyer is the best of its kind.
I'll just be leaving now.
I'm not interested right now. Thanks.
Let me see your upgrades.
I want to do the next mission.
I need to go right now. Goodbye.
Get the prefect home safely and I will reward you well. The prefect has also told me to offer you extra silver for destroying as many of the raiders as you can.
The prefect is anxious to be going. Here's your wind map, and remember, protect the prefect's flyer at all costs.
This next mission is close to my heart. My family lives in a remote province some distance from here.
The area has been cut off from the main trade routes due to unusually cold weather and bold pirates. I need you to get supplies to my family.
The prefect was so impressed by your assistance, he's offered the use of his own flyer. It's equipped to drop supplies, instead of bombs. It's slower, but it's tough.
You'll have to get the supplies as close to the huts and houses as you can to make it worth your while. Take out as many pirates as you can and I'll gladly pay you extra.
Remember, drop the supplies as close to the homes as possible. Good luck.
I've decided it would just be easier to destroy you instead.
Pay Gambler Daoshen's Fee
Sweet Poison Lyn is is the back room, past where Qui and the fighters rest up between matches. Speak to her and pay Daoshen's fee of five hundred silver on his behalf and he'll happily pay you back.
Gambler Daoshen, who runs his game in the common room of the tavern in the Imperial Arena, needs someone to pay a five hundred silver fee to a Guild representative named Sweet Poison Lyn. Once the fee is paid, he'll be able to safely play for larger stakes.
I think I should destroy you and put you to rest.
Excellent work. The prefect is happy to be home safe, no doubt.
You did an excellent job clearing out the raiders as well. You'll get quite a bit extra for that.
I see you were able to dispatch a few of the raiders on your way. I'll top up your payment a little for that.
The raiders gave you some trouble, I see, but at least the prefect is safe. Here's the amount I promised you.
Would you like to see some of my upgrades, or could I interest you in doing another mission for me?
There you are! I was wondering if the pirates or the weather had finally stopped you.
You did an excellent job getting the supplies to the people of my province.
I'm glad you were able to get the supplies there. I only wish you could have gotten more to them.
It seems the mission was almost a complete failure. I fear the people of my province will have to make do until the weather clears.
Thankfully, the pirates will no longer be a problem for them.
If only you could have gotten rid of a few more pirates, but at least you were able to destroy some of them.
The pirates were just too much for you it would seem. I hope my friends and family can resist them a bit longer.
I regret I have no more missions for you, but I'm always here if you require upgrades for your flyer. Thank you again.
Hello again. Would you like to see some upgrades for your flyer?
As you wish. I will be here if you change your mind.
Yes, I'd like to hear your proposal.
No, I'm still not interested.
Curse it all! The wench betrayed us!
The boy will suffer once we're done with you! So will she, for that matter.
Take the Fee to Sweet Poison Lyn
With a five hundred silver purse in trust. Go the back room of the Imperial Arena, past the room where the fighters rest up between matches, and speak with Sweet Poison Lyn about Gambler Daoshen.
Gambler Daoshen of the Imperial Arena needs a five hundred silver fee taken to Sweet Poison Lyn, a Guild representative, so that he can raise the stakes on his game. You've talked Daoshen into giving you the fee up front, and he's done so in a winnings purse clearly marked as his. This little twist of fate opens up some intriguing possibilities.
And I will take that mishap with the suspended golem as a reminder to always adequately reward you. I would not want our agreement to go sour.
We see them daily at about this time, but they have not arrived yet. Probably delayed in the Necropolis.
Is there a shipment of slaves due soon?
Perhaps. They are not often late unless delayed by spirits outside in the Necropolis. Shin makes a point of demanding they be on time.
I... I don't believe it! Thank you, mighty one! You have no idea what this means to me.
I have no silver to offer you, but I'll give you a discount on all the goods I sell. Would you like to see what I have in stock?
I have no silver to offer you, but I'll give you a discount on all the goods I sell... as soon as the dam is closed and I can replenish my stock.
Tong and his friends are usually off getting drunk near the store houses, past Beggar's Pier in the southeast end of town. Be careful. I've heard they're good with their fists.
The figurine isn't worth much, but it belonged to my mother. I wish there was some way to get it back.
Of course. I understand. Your problems, like Sheng's, are far greater than mine. But, if you should happen to run into Tong, please think of me.
If you convince him to return my mother's figurine, I'll give you a discount on all my merchandise when it arrives.
But until Minister Sheng finds someone to close the Great Dam, the river is too low for any trade to come into town, and I can't replenish my stock.
Have you told the authorities about this?
I have your figurine here.
Where can I find Tong?
Maybe you should give it back now.
[Charm] Your mother wouldn't like you taking someone else's things.
[Intuition] The figurine was a gift from Cheung's own mother.
[Intimidation] Give the figurine back, shameless dog!
Hey, it's okay. Don't cry.
Three years. Three long years of tracing these slavers to their master, only to find that there were more above him.
The consolation lies in finding others who share my goals. I did not expect to be lucky enough to find a friend in this place.
I also found a strong ally, but I'm not sure if the greater consolation lies in your ability, determination, or beauty. I look forward to finding out.
That makes two of us. I'll keep you informed as we deal with Gao's masters. They'll be harder to chase down.
Of course. I wouldn't dream of breaking you down into components. Treating people like commodities was Gao's business, not mine.
Oh, I never get ideas, only impressions. Don't worry about what I will accomplish. Finding Gao was only the beginning.
Why? Because I... we have succeeded at a goal that I've been working towards for three years?
I feel fine, but determined. Our work isn't done, but we've taken a small step by removing that stain upon the Empire's honor.
Fair enough. Don't worry, I know what lies ahead. I tracked my daughter's killer for three years, after all.
Now you look here, missy! In my day, we respected our elders! I'm sorry, I can't do that voice justice. I'm only, what, eight years older than you?
Of course, eight years make a difference when you lose three of them chasing your daughter's killer.
Gao's slavers took my daughter, Pinmei, and I was able to follow them. Fortunately, they didn't cover their tracks. I chased them down, trying to reach her.
I was too late. Pinmei was spirited, and I'm sure she fought them. I believe they decided she was too much trouble and killed her. Five years old... and they ran her through.
I found her dead by the roadside and stopped my pursuit. By the time I cared to continue my chase, the slavers were long gone.
It's... fine. Thank you for your concern, but for the most part I have come to terms with her death.
There are ways to track men who don't want to be found. It's all a matter of time and dedication.
Is that what you're doing? Chasing after your Master without a thought for the others in your town? Yes, I've heard about the attack.
I'm sorry. That wasn't fair. You're right. I could have saved myself three years if I'd just run those bastards down.
Why dwell on this? Gao is dead, and perhaps Pinmei has found some peace. That's what really matters. That and what we still have to accomplish.
You're right, but we have to pick our time, and now isn't it. We can talk about this later\n
We'll talk about Gao later. We have much to do, and none of it will be accomplished if we stand here hashing over the past.
That wasn't my intent! I don't even remember how we got on to the subject of Pinmei!
I almost never talk about her, and then I open up to you and you throw it in my face. Let's just... forget it and get on with what we're doing.
All right. If you want to bring it up again, it might do me some good to talk, but we do have more important matters right now.
I should apologize. I can be sensitive about my daughter, and your comment that I was *cod6*whining*cod6* touched a nerve, but I shouldn't have snapped at you.
That would be best. I don't normally hold a grudge; hunting Gao for three years was a unique circumstance.
I don't think of you as one likely to accuse me of whining, but we're all full of surprises, aren't we?
I'll note that. I wouldn't want you getting too much of an advantage. Your smile's already distracting enough.
You have an odd way of handling people, but we all have our quirks.
Thank you. I'm pretty resistant to most jokes at my expense, but some subjects....
I never really answered your question about how I tracked Gao down. It's not that bad a story, if you still want to hear it.
I'll make you a deal: If you start to look bored, I'll throw in a Lotus Assassin or two to spice things up.
I lost the men who murdered my daughter, but there are other ways to track men besides following their footprints, something I know all too well.
Eight years ago, when my wife passed away giving birth to Pinmei, I decided to settle down. Before that, my life was less... stable.
You should have seen Pinmei's mother fight. We met because we both liked to operate outside of the law.
Curses, you've uncovered my secret. Actually, the truth isn't far off. My wife and I met because we both operated outside of the law.
Not every girl likes pompous nobles or stuffy scholars. She and I saw eye-to-eye on many things, including living life to the fullest.
You would have liked her if you'd met her. As long as she wasn't slipping through the upper window of your house to steal all your valuables.
You remind me of her. Though, she was flighty where you are intense, and she fought with nothing approaching your skill. You also don't burgle people's houses.
Not really. She was a wonderful woman, but she was taken from me long ago. I meant the comparison as a compliment.
I called in a lot of favors tracking down Gao, but you never know.
As I followed the trail of various slave-trading rings, I started seeing connections. Strangely enough, all of them seemed tied to the Lotus Assassins.
They would observe. They would ask the same questions I had, but they did nothing.
Every slave-trading ring I saw, the Assassins were at least aware of.
Apparently not. They seemed to be aware of all of these slave rings, and yet they did nothing about them.
I started drawing conclusions, and when I heard that Gao the Greater was dealing heavily with them, I started looking into him.
By approaching it from the top down--Assassins to Gao to slavers--I managed to piece together his involvement and learn the location of his base.
I don't have an answer to that, though I would very much like to know. If they support these slavers....
My home was not far from Tien's Landing, so I am certain that it was Gao's men who took my daughter.
Meeting you, and being given this chance to take the fight higher, I'm glad I chased that bastard down.
It's good to be here. There's much ahead of us, but at least we have allies... and friends.
That will make the road easier. Speaking of which, we should keep moving, don't you think?
You're right! We should keep moving while we still have surprise on our side.
I know. There's some peace in Gao's death, but not enough. People are still being taken as slaves, and much worse happening in this Empire. I won't forget that.
Fair enough. Ask me later, if you still want to hear about it.
If you're not interested, that's fine by me. We have plenty of other things to do than to stand around and talk.
Good luck. Third Brother is worthy opponent. Do not underestimate him.
How does that make you feel?
How long were you searching for him?
I look forward to hearing which of those you settle on.
For us to be allies, you have to accept the whole package.
Don't get any ideas. You're only here because you're useful.
You're not going to fall into a depression on me, are you?
You're right. That's a reason to celebrate.
I just want you focused. We have a long road ahead of us.
Well, it can happen to men your age. They start acting odd when their youth slides away.
How did you track Gao?
That's terrible. I'm sorry to bring this up.
How did you eventually catch up with them?
You should have chased them down. Vengeance is more effective than sorrow.
Things like this are important to dwell upon.
You still haven't told me how you found Gao.
Are you going to whine about your daughter every time I talk to you?
I don't really feel like talking about this right now.
It was a harsh thing for me to say. I apologize as well.
Let's call it water under the bridge and forget about it.
I didn't picture you as one likely to apologize.
I like to keep people on their toes. It keeps them honest.
I shouldn't tease you. I was wrong to call you a whiner.
One last surprise: I don't really care about your past. Let's drop the subject.
Snap or not, I doesn't really matter to me.
I'd be quite interested.
Tell me, but it had better be exciting.
It seemed odd that a doting father would have your skills.
I've got it! You were raised by a traveling circus troupe.
How did you meet your wife if your life was so chaotic?
Don't you feel strange comparing me to your dead wife?
Your connections in the underworld tracked down Gao?
Could the people you know help us in any way?
How were the Assassins connected?
What kind of connections did you see?
Is there anything they're not involved with?
How do you know Gao's slavers were the ones who took your daughter?
Did you learn anything else? Why are the Assassins ignoring the slave traders?
I'm glad I could help, and I'm happy to have your company.
Just remember that things will only get harder.
Don't let your anger slip because Gao's dead. We need that fire.
There's no time to hear it now.
I don't really care about your past. You're here because you're useful now.
What are you doing here? Is Master Smiling Hawk... did you deal with him?
But nevertheless... you have chosen the wrong master to follow. I cannot allow you to help Master Smiling Hawk... you will be stopped!
You cannot switch followers during combat.
I am pleased by your directness. You are the Imperial Champion--impressive enough--but now you will be so much more. Proceed to our fortress.
Look, you can't trust Kai Lan. I know he was probably offering you the world, or maybe all the wine in it, if he were really crafty, but....
You didn't honestly think you were going to slip down here after that little display, did you, Whirlwind?
Step back, Cho. For once in my life I've got something important to tell someone.
You have nothing important to say, you lummox. You've embarrassed Kai Lan the Serpent, and I'm going to make sure you never get a chance to repeat your performance.
I've been waiting for this. Time to cut off the Serpent's tail!
Mugger
I have said enough for the time being. The events that surround you cause me great concern. I want to see more of what is coming before I decide my next action.
What a wondrous flyer you have. You don't see any of that design about the city! Since they became more common among the nobles, flyers have been fascinating to me.
Allow me to officially welcome you to the Imperial City. I am Bai the Outcrier, and I am here to direct you around our illustrious capital if you have any questions at all.
Out by the waterway, you can find the city gates and all manner of merchants hawking their wares.
There's also a path off the Market District that leads up to the Black Leopard School, home to an ancient order that studies the ways of combat.
The Scholars' Garden is a wonder to behold. It is decorated with rocks taken from The Valley of Sprightly Stones. The finest minds in the Empire congregate in the garden.
If you have a taste for history, the Necropolis is accessible from the Golden Way as well. A city of the dead, the Necropolis is filled with tombs of rich and poor alike.
I believe I made it very clear that we were not discussing the Emperor's protectors. That is all I'm saying.
You should not dwell on this topic. It's for your own good.
If you were wise, you would not look for the Lotus Assassins. They keep their secrets close, and even spreading rumors can catch their attention.
[Success] How many travelers wander too close to their lair from simple ignorance, I wonder?
[Success] No, I would never mean to.... Look, I'll tell you what I've heard.
[Success] I'm a fool for even starting this conversation, but I will give you some guidance.
There are rumors of a secret entrance into a fortress the Lotus Assassins call their own. The entrance may be in the Necropolis, which is off the Golden Way.
If you're smart, you'll go no closer to that place than this question.
[Failure] I'm sorry, but it is not my place to discuss the personal protectors of the Emperor. If you're wise, you'll not ask about them either.
That is an extremely smart thing for us to both do.
Was there something else you wanted to discuss?
There's almost always something happening in the city.
There's Captain Sen, of course, standing guard at the gates out of the city. Word has it the Captain has some bounties.
Rich rewards for those who can track down some wanted criminals.
You must know about the Imperial Arena. Qui the Promoter is always looking for skilled fighters to participate in his matches. It's this huge building right here.
There's word from the Scholars' Garden that some strange Outlander has taken up residence there. Causing quite the ruckus, as barbarians typically do.
There's a rumor floating around that the Black Leopard School has been having some difficulties recently. Feuding masters, that sort of thing.
The Black Leopard School lies across the waterway and up the grassy path, if you're curious.
Word has it there's going to be a new play happening some time soon in the Golden Way district. Over at the large pagoda on the left side of the road.
It might not be ready to start yet, but it's certainly worth keeping an eye out for.
That's all I can think of right now.
Of course, most of the things I know about are old news before too long. That's life in the big city for you.
I would be happy to, if you weren't prone to ask questions that could get us both hauled away for inappropriate discussions.
I know you're new to the Imperial City, but the Lotus Assassins are everywhere. They do not tolerate treason or sedition, and casual questions can be viewed as such.
I know many people in the city, but it is impossible to know everyone. Who do you seek?
I'm sorry, I can't say I know anyone by that name. Maybe you could look up at the Black Leopard School? Across the waterway and up the grassy path.
That is not funny! We do not discuss... that man. The Emperor's brothers are a very sensitive subject, and I won't discuss this further.
Speak with... are you mad? No one simply speaks with Death's Hand! He is the commander of the Imperial Army, and the Emperor's most trusted servant!
No, you do not speak with Death's Hand, and even *presuming* that you are worthy of that honor is considered treason!
Happily. What's on your mind now?
A pleasure to be of service. Enjoy your stay here!
Are you crying?
Quit crying, you blubbering baby!
Lion Statue
Figurines
Altar
Hunt Down Fen's Kidnappers
Lion VFX
Enought talk. Time to pay for your crime, thief!
Ah... we're not exactly sure. She came here and just started meditating. That man followed her in and went to speak to her. You can see what happened to him.
Always a pleasure to see you again.
What can I do for the Imperial Champion?
Aren't you the one who dealt with that Outlander buffoon over in the Scholars' Garden? Well done!
Your victories have certainly pulled many people to the arena recently! Keep up the good work.
Terrifying news about this *cod6*Scourge of the South*cod6* isn't it? Ah well, they'll never reach our city. What can I do for you?
I hope you find our fair city welcoming.
There are several districts within easy walking distance. This area is the Market District, and it is filled with all sorts of merchants and traffic.
If you cross the waterway and turn left, you will soon come to the gate of the Golden Way, a rich and luxurious place.
The Golden Way is connected to both the Scholars' Garden at its far end, and the Necropolis, though no one would venture into those burial grounds without good reason.
Just over there is the Imperial Arena, where you can test your skills in the finest competition in the land or grab a drink at the Heart of the Empire Tavern within.
You stole it. Now you'll pay, thief!
Who is that girl by the shrine?
I want to fight with you.
Tell me more about the layout of the city.
Tell me more about this immediate area.
Let's hear some more about the places off the Golden Way.
What of the Lotus Assassins? Where would I find them?
[Charm] You can tell me as a favor. I need to know where to be careful, after all.
[Intimidation] You refuse to tell me because you think I'm one of their spies? I resent the implication!
[Intuition] I brought this up. I'm the one taking the risk here.
That's all I wanted to know about the city.
Do you know of anything happening in the city?
Can you think of anything else?
What else is going on?
Interesting. Is that all you have?
Any other word?
Any other news?
That's enough happenings for now.
Would you be able to help me look for someone?
I'm searching for a man called Master Li.
Sun Li the Glorious Strategist
How would I speak with Death's Hand?
No one important. Let's move to another topic.
I will be back if I have other questions for you.
That's isn't a bad idea, Princess. How many times have you ordered some poor servant to do something similar?
That servant likely had at least the illusion of choice.
Here we are again, at the lair of the enemy. I'm surprised I never looked upon the palace with anything other than contempt.
Into the den of the enemy. I like it. I assume you plan to stay this time?
We... are here. I would like our visit to be as brief as possible, but I have the feeling you intend to stay quite a while.
Well... that was anticlimactic. A flash of light but no resounding boom. What good is such a light if earth doesn't meet sky?
What? Oh, my. It seems we have transported to a... a heaven. A strangely familiar one, for some reason, but I don't recall ever moving to such a place before.
Where have you brought us, Kang? We don't have time for such games. Get us back to the Imperial City. Now!
I like this mode of travel even less than your flying bug-eyed barrel. Besides, any heaven worth visiting should have us knee-deep in wine... top down.
It is strangely beautiful. We are clearly not in an earthly realm.
Kang! You and your infernal inventions are going to get us all killed.
An interesting little device you have there. It could be useful if you could count on your point of arrival, but since you made it... I'll stick to walking.
Chai Ka: There are many realms that can be called heavens. This is... a small one, with strange energies.
Crazy old man. This is going to delay us even more.
This place is completely unknown to me... or is it? I am compelled to... to take the steps this way. There are... gears here, that I remember.
Good idea. Something about this place makes me want to explore, too. I am compelled to step this way... there are gears here that I remember.
Hmm... leave you say? Yes, yes, but... there is something I must look at. It is just over here, but how do I know this? Some sort of machine....
Look at this... it's a marvel... a wonder of monumental proportions... a phenomenal piece of unbelievable craftsmanship.
I haven't the slightest idea. But it must be important, wouldn't you think? I mean, just look at it.
These machines... they are manipulators, fabricators. They bully energy into... into something. They can be activated, deactivated, on and off, off and on. You see?
Don't worry... the individual machines are not activated. I think the switches must be thrown on at least two of the components before it will do... whatever it does.
Well, judging by the pile of ashes I found near the controls, if you do it wrong it either creates a nice warm fire or burns the person standing here to a crisp.
So... you might want to be careful how you go about it. Things like this usually have directions... no, recipes... no, that's not it. Configurations! That's it.
That error was... probably to be expected, given the complexity of the furnace.
Excellent. What an amazing machine. Now, if we can find more configurations... just imagine what we could do here.
That same one? But why not try something different? It's up to you, of course.
Yes, amazing, indeed. Of course, without more configurations, we'll never know just what it can really do!
Very well. In the meantime, I will try to see if I can learn anything more about this interesting machine. I can always bring us back here later.
Sorry if I was lagging behind. I was lost in my own thoughts, it seems.
If you ever have something on your mind, I'm happy to lend an ear.
Next time you need a break, boy, have I got a story for you.
Did I ever tell you about the time...? Oh, no, I didn't.
I just remembered this time where... well, I'll tell you about it later, if you want.
Do you have a moment to talk?
Have you identified any more configurations for the machine?
Take me back to the furnace.
I've been thinking, and... well, we'll talk when you have time.
It doesn't matter. Just activate it.
I'm sure that will help. Start it up.
Wait, I don't want to do this yet.
I'm ready to go. Call everyone to the flyer.
I wanted to speak with you.
I'll be ready soon.
Keep your guard up. This won't be as easy as last time.
Enough! Everyone just follow my lead!
*cod6*Her will?*cod6* Is it the Water Dragon spirit?
Don't worry. I'll make sure there are no surprises this time.
Be quiet! Keep focus and fight when I say!
What now? I have heard enough from the spirit world!
Um... where are we?
Whatever it was supposed to do, it did it.
It's funny what comes to mind at times like this. If you ever need to talk, I'm here.
There's something I should tell you.
So, you don't know where we are?
Let's have a look around here.
I want to leave here, Kang.
Really? What does it do?
Quit your jabbering, Kang, and just tell me what it does!
Touch nothing!
Please don't randomly hit switches. I find it unsettling.
[sigh] Here we go again.
Do you think it's wise to play with it?
We still don't even know what it does.
I just want to head back to where we were.
I want to try that again.
This machine is amazing!
I'm ready to leave this place.
Leaving so soon? Oh well, back to my training.
What should we have done? Gao killed this boy in one blow. Where were you to defend him?
Gao the Lesser would have said the same thing. If you're so keen to copy him, you should head for the gate to the marshes as well. That's the direction he headed.
The murderer was dragging some sort of heavy sack behind him. Go catch him, if you even care.
Not one of you had the spine to try and stop him? Typical peasants.
Do not question me. If this student could not defend himself, he deserved his fate.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled a new beginning for the Jade Empire, but it brought little personal comfort to Dawn Star. She was conflicted: the father she never knew had been her mentor all along, but had also never truly existed, his caring nature just a lie to hide darker intentions. Her search for peace of mind took her back to the simpler life of a borderland village much like Two Rivers, where she built her own school in the manner of the Master she had believed in. The schemes of Sun Li died in the palace, but the teachings of her cherished Master would persevere. At least in this, the man Dawn Star had hoped to know would live on with her.
Though the credibility of her family was understandably marred by the actions of her father and uncle, Princess Sun Lian emerged from the incident with a newfound credibility that easily secured her claim to the throne. This was thanks in no small part to keeping *cod7*FullName*cod8* very close at hand, and making sure the people knew that *cod7*he/she*cod8* had her full support throughout the ordeal. Empress Sun Lian ruled over a new golden age of the Jade Empire that seemed like it would never end.
Drastic shifts in power always create political and economic turbulence. In the years following the defeat of Emperor Sun Li, however, things were remarkably calm, with food supplies reaching the poor and Imperial control of areas abandoned to near-lawlessness quickly restored. Those who were there credit the smooth transition to the aid of a group called the Guild. Working under some mysterious Imperial sanction, the Guild's agents moved supplies quickly to those who needed them most and helped the Imperial Army pinpoint the camps of bandit leaders and others who threatened Imperial control. While the Guild faded from sight as peace was restored, stories persisted. Most stories recounted the exploits of this mysterious organization's dashing new leader, Sky. His ready smile, endless energy and kindness quickly made him a legend among the common people.
After the power of the Water Dragon was restored, Death's Hand was sustained by *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s force of will. Some considered this cruel, and to Death's Hand it was just continued enslavement, but in the weeks that followed, the influence that had corrupted him began to fade, and a semblance of self returned. For the first time in decades, Death's Hand felt something other than rage; sadness for how he, as Sun Kin, had helped attack Dirge so long ago. Acceptance of this changed him, and he wandered the Empire seeking redemption. No longer bound to Sun Li's armor, he wore it anyway, a symbol not of the monster he was forced to be, but of the monster he had not recognized within himself.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled a new beginning for the Jade Empire, and for the lives of *cod7*FullName*cod8* and Dawn Star. They had faced much together, and Dawn Star looked forward to the peace their efforts had brought. In the ensuing years she worked to make the Empire a gentle place that cared for all people equally. The land was not always free of strife, but *cod7*FullName*cod8* and Dawn Star always tried to find a common ground for all concerned. They lived long and well, and all of the Jade Empire remembers their names.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled a new beginning for the Jade Empire, and for the lives of *cod7*FullName*cod8* and Dawn Star. Despite the victory, Dawn Star was conflicted: she was changed by the journey and by *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s insistence that she be more aggressive. She felt at odds with the new peace, so she and her Spirit Monk companion eventually left the restructuring of the Empire to others and sought more adventurous climes. They never settled down, preferring to call all of the Jade Empire their home.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled a new beginning for the Jade Empire, and for the lives of *cod7*FullName*cod8* and Dawn Star. Despite their victory, Dawn Star was conflicted: The father she never knew had been her mentor all along, but he had also never truly existed, his caring nature just a lie to hide darker intentions. It was difficult to put that aside, but the stability of her relationship with *cod7*FullName*cod8* let her see that such dishonesty was the exception, not the rule. In the years that followed they worked together to make their homeland a better place. They lived long and well, and all of the Jade Empire remembers their names.
Though the credibility of her family was understandably marred by the actions of her father and uncle, Princess Sun Lian emerged from the incident with a newfound credibility that easily secured her claim to the throne. This was thanks in no small part to keeping *cod7*FullName*cod8* very close at hand. He was welcomed as her companion, and eventually as Emperor at her side. Together they would rule over a new golden age that seemed like it would never end..
Princess Sun Lian was praised for helping save the Empire, and with *cod7*FullName*cod8* close at hand she was soon appointed Empress. It became apparent, however, that she still held the same disdain for the bonds imposed by her position. *cod7*FullName*cod8* had pushed her to revel in the traits she showed as Silk Fox, and now that freedom seemed further away than ever. She withdrew, much as her father had done, and soon even an audience in the palace was a rare event. In truth, she was spending much of her time in the streets of the Imperial City, hiding her face once more. Her rule was prosperous enough, but it was never more than a game to her and *cod7*FullName*cod8*.
Though the credibility of her family was understandably marred by the actions of her father and uncle, Princess Sun Lian emerged from the incident with a newfound credibility that easily secured her claim to the throne. This was thanks in no small part to keeping *cod7*FullName*cod8* very close at hand, and making sure the people knew that she had her full support throughout the ordeal. Empress Sun Lian and *cod7*FullName*cod8* ruled in concert, remaining close companions and sharing the burden of leadership as they guided the Jade Empire through a new golden age.
Shortly after the death of its leader, Gao the Greater, the Guild quickly found itself with a new man at the top and its attention turning sharply away from the slave trade. Sky would quickly deny any involvement in such a thing, and despite their suspicions, most people accepted that only one woman would ever know the full truth. If little else, Sky was always clear on one subject: his undying love for *cod7*FullName*cod8*. The couple's exploits and their devotion to each other were the stuff of legend. As they so often do, the tales outgrew the people, and the couple quietly withdrew from the public eye. Where they are now, few can say, but there is a small, unmarked grave in the farmlands outside Tien's Landing that finds itself adorned with flowers once a year without fail.
For a time, Sky found peace, but there was always a question in his heart about what could have been if only *cod7*FullName*cod8* had seized the power of the Water Dragon. Plagued with uncertainty, Sky turned back to the life he had known before, descending into the underworld to wage a bloody campaign against the leaders of the Guild. His victory was short lived, however, as Sky grew careless with his life and noticed too late the acrid taste of his poisoned wine. Some say he struggled to say something as he fell, maybe a name, but in the end, Sky died alone.
Never one to pass up an opportunity, Sky quickly established himself as a replacement for Gao the Greater, seizing control of the leaderless Guild and quickly turning the organization into something he deemed *cod6*respectable.*cod6* While hardly paragons of society, the members of the Guild were brutally effective in stamping out much of the slave trade. Sky and *cod7*FullName*cod8* remained constant companions, and neither of them could find it in their heart to ever really settle down. Tales of their exploits are still told, growing more fantastic with each repetition.
After Sun Li's defeat, Kang the Mad was in great demand. There was a new Empire to fortify, and *cod7*FullName*cod8* had Kang working around the clock. In time, however, Kang grew to resent how his devices were used. He felt that, similar to the flyers he had made for Gao the Greater, duplicates inherently diminished the effectiveness of them all. Kang became reclusive, and eventually an explosion at his main factory appeared to take his life (and that of anyone that might have known his trade secrets). Occasionally there were reports of strange devices appearing on the borderlands of the Empire, but by the time any of *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s forces could arrive, any trace had disappeared.
End Game Screen - Evil Ending - Black Whirlwind.
Not all destinies serve heaven. Heaven, too, can be caught in a larger, more malignant fate. Chai Ka the Heavenly Gate Guardian fulfilled his destiny, but he failed in the eyes of heaven. Cast out from the Celestial Bureacracy, he wandered as a tormented demon, bereft of purpose. *cod2**cod2*His anchor, the child Wild Flower, also wandered. Sustained by the celestial powers that gave her rebirth, she knew life but not death. Forever a child in body, she saw the wasteland her homeland had become and cursed the fate that made it so.
The birth of a new god is a time of infinite possibility. Anything can be accomplished by those with the will to seize it. Ya Zhen was a prisoner in the body of the child Wild Flower, but his master's ascension freed him. The ways of fate and power are fickle, and he backed the winning side. With *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s power growing, he could serve no better master. This mortal with the heart of a true god would not last forever. Someday the demon's time will come again.
Bound to *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s will, Death's Hand served the new Empire wherever the face of terror was needed to quell dissention. Infused by the ever growing power of his master, his physical form was eventually corrupted beyond what his armor could contain, and he became something... other. Much to *cod7*FullName*cod8*'s approval, as the new form proved far more efficient at instilling fear. Besides, those allowed to comment agreed that the symbolism of trapping him within his brother's armor had always seemed somewhat quaint.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled the rise of *cod7*FullName*cod8*, and at his side stood Dawn Star. She was devoted to his efforts; he had convinced her that the only valid response to adversity is an adequately forceful reply. Only a firm hand could prevent another tyrant coming to power, and no one was more suited than the Spirit Monk she had helped ascend. Dawn Star became a tempering influence, and made certain that the people of the Empire had their needs met, if not all of their wants. Their Empire, as long as it lasted, was strong and prosperous.
The defeat of Sun Li signaled the rise of *cod7*FullName*cod8*, and Dawn Star was ever at his side. She was devoted to his efforts, but personal turmoil clouded her mind. She had found her lost father, but Sun Li was not the man she had wanted him to be. It was as if he had killed her true father, the idealized Master Li that now only existed in her memories. She grew cold over time, and without her tempering influence, the Jade Empire became a demanding place to live, controlled through force of arms. But the tighter the reigns, the harder the resistance, and the reigns were very tight indeed. Dawn Star would stand by *cod7*FullName*cod8* to the end.
In the wake of Sun Li's defeat, *cod7*FullName*cod8* assumed control of the Empire. Princess Lian lent the new emperor legitimacy through her family line, and as Emperor and Empress they turned a chaotic and fractured land into an economic and military powerhouse. Anyone who challenged their rule awakened a fury that not even the gods could contain, and even whispered secrets earned quick reprisals. Empress Lian continued to prowl as the shadowy Silk Fox, but unbeknownst to those who had encountered the supposed outlaw, this new version was dedicated to maintaining the new order. Much as Death's Hand had served her father, she controlled the flow of all information within the Empire. This combination of power and cunning ensured that the reign of *cod7*FullName*cod8* would be long remembered.
After the death of Sun Li, the Princess and *cod7*FullName*cod8* assumed control. They quickly crushed any opposition to the partnership they formed, and turned a chaotic and fractured land into an economic and military powerhouse. Anyone that threatened the stability of their Empire awakened a fury not even the gods could contain. It became dangerous to speak against them even in the lowliest of taverns, and Sun Lian and *cod7*FullName*cod8* were often amused that, despite the power they could command, their enemies were often more afraid of the shadowy Silk Fox that could now somehow be in two places at once. Even at their height of their power they made time for such games they both enjoyed.
What does it take for a mortal to hold the affections of a god? Sky's dedication to his love never wavered, and he stood proudly at her side, enforcing her will without question. Over the years, his name became more dreaded than Death's Hand, for Sky worked in the shadows, and his informants were everywhere. There were moments when Sky would lie alone in the middle of the night--for no god needs sleep--and he would question the path his life had taken. It was invariably on those nights that the Empress would find time to come to him, and the next day would always find more steel in his eyes and a dark resolve burning in his heart.
What does it take for a mortal to hold the affections of a god? Sky's dedication never wavered, and he stood proudly at the side of the Spirit Monk who had risen to become a living god. Together they ruled an empire enslaved by fear; never before had history seen such a combination of overt power and subversive guile. When all men can be convinced to cast suspicious eyes upon their brothers, perfect control is possible, even if such a balance can only be maintained for short time.
End Game Screen - TITLE
You're going to pay back Death's Hand for all that he's done to you, to us. I know you'll find a way, but still....
The Other
Is there anything else you need right now?
They showed up shortly after Gao took over, working with him and his Guild. Inquisitor Lim seems to be in charge of the Lotus Assassins here.
Gao and Lim don't get along... they both like to be in charge. Be careful if you run into Lim. There's something very wrong about him.
Don't try to pin your failings on me, Lim! I've delivered everything I promised. It's only a matter of time until I finish the special Dragonfly to transport the artifact to the Imperial City.
Jia is not my Mistress, Lim. And I don't take orders from you, either! Remember, if not for my son you would never have discovered where the Glorious Strategist was hiding!
I am well aware of your son's role in all this, Gao. In fact, I suspect I know more about him than you do.
What are you talking about? Have you heard something about young Gao? Tell me!
Of course, Gao. I was just waiting for the perfect time to tell you. I received a report from the destruction of Two Rivers. Your son, Gao the Lesser, is dead.
No! This can't be! You lie!
I speak the truth. It seems your son was no match for one of the other students. From the condition of his body it sounds like he died quite painfully.
No! Young Gao was everything to me... Damn you and your black heart, Lim! Damn you!
You've been the best of companions, and I've come to value that in ways I didn't expect.
You've shown me the value of strength, of finding my enemy's weaknesses before I strike.
You're not like anyone else. You fight like a demon, and yet you value honor and harmony. So many people would abuse your skills.
Maybe it's those deep eyes or that glorious hair, but when we first met, your beauty ignited me.
I find you irresistible. Whenever that beautiful face of yours breaks into a smile, my heart lifts.
I was struck when I first saw you. You are a creature of grace. You belong in heaven, not here on earth.
When I learned of your nobility, strength, and honor, I knew you were special.
Then I saw you fight and learned of your quick mind. I knew you were more than just a pretty face.
Then you showed me what it takes to be strong, to take advantage of my enemy's weaknesses, and I knew you were unique.
What can I say? Your company brings out the best in me.
Think about what you're planning to do.
Look, I'm trying to tell you that... before you go....
I... want you to be careful.
Well, no.... I just.... Look. You can't afford to be distracted in there. You go, you win, and we'll deal with this later, I promise.
Where do you get that incredible courage? I didn't want to distract you, but you're one step ahead of me, as always.
Whatever happens in there, I'll be there for you when this is all over.\n
You can count on it.
I'm sorry. I'll... keep my thoughts to myself.
We should get going. Don't worry about me; I'm just a tongue-tied fool today. Let's go.
I shouldn't hold you back. You have a long-overdue debt to repay.
You're not exactly average yourself, Sky.
You're more serious than usual.
What are you trying to say?
That's all? Nothing else you wanted to say?
That was quite the setup for something Whirlwind might have said. You sure nothing else is on your mind?
Careful? I'm about to face the Emperor himself and you think I should be *cod6*careful?*cod6*
If you can't say it, I will. I love you, Sky.
I know what you're really saying. I'll be all right.
Just be sure you're ready to say what you really mean when we're done with the Emperor.
I don't have time for this. If you can't be honest with me, be silent.
Things ended on a sour note anyway. Let's let that moment pass before we return to the subject.
Give me a bit to digest what has happened, and then I promise to regale you with the story of how I found him.
Always happy to help. What do you need?
Sagacious Zu sacrificed himself so that you could continue. That reminded me how dangerous our task truly is.
I hope so, too. He certainly earned a reprieve, if only from hating himself so much.
I don't think you would have survived Death's Hand. Even if you had, would you be in any shape to face his master, the Emperor?
You're growing stronger. You learn new styles with ease and fight like no one I've seen.\n
Your master obviously trained you well, but you have come a long way even since we met.\n
It's true, though half of them have come from watching you, and the rest are the result of being desperate to survive, if only to see what happens next.
Would you have kept me around if I hadn't? If we're going to depend on each other, we have to be strong.
I'm not sure about that. A skilled master is more interested in ensuring that his pupils learn how to learn rather than drilling them in basic moves.
I agree. If you had been released from the confinement of Two Rivers sooner, you would be even stronger!
I know. Despite the temptations before you, your skills are guided by a sense of honor that would humble Sagacious Tien.
I can imagine. Your capacity for learning new styles and refining those you know is almost superhuman.
I would not wish to stand in your way; that is for certain.
I'm quite sure I will make a point eventually. I usually do after I dance around it for a while, don't I?
I forget how you value direct speech. I won't in the future.
I know this seems a strange thing to ask now, of all times, but do you ever wonder what you will do after we rescue your master?\n
I have my own ideas, but I'd be interested in hearing yours.
I'd rather hear what you have to say, unless you're going to insist?
What about your master? What do you think will happen with him?
That may prove difficult, but I can think of no one more up to the task.
I would hope you'd be at his side. That would make you the second most powerful man in the Empire.
With yourself at his side, I hope. You would be the most powerful woman in the Empire.
I've wondered the same thing, but your master is a strong man.
You're right, but the longer Dawn Star deludes herself, the more useful she will be to the group.
Are you sure? Master Li's blood runs the same color as the Emperor's. Still, you would know him best.
Depending on what it takes to rescue Master Li, that may leave an empty throne in the Imperial Palace. That situation is ripe with opportunity for us all.
That's fair. Personally, I have high hopes that we will find a way to save your master.
I understand. I think we will be too late to save your master. This will turn into a search for vengeance before the end.
I would keep that from Dawn Star, though. She'll be more useful to you if she thinks there's still hope for Master Li.
What about you? Where do you see yourself?
Your students would be rich in skill and spirit from the lessons you could teach.
If your students learned even a tenth of your skill, they would be strong.
You could also find an army of highly trained, devoted followers, if you were so inclined.
No one knew much about them, even when they were around to ask. Your task would not be easy.
But it would be rewarding, and perhaps you could find answers to questions you didn't even know you had.
They must have possessed great magics to work with the Water Dragon. If you could master their secrets, the earth would tremble where you walk.
A shining blade of vengeance, cutting out the dark heart of this Empire. The poets will never forget you.
I was hoping you would say that. Those who stand in our path deserve no better.
Some sort of holiday? A break from the drudgery of fighting the Empire? You'd get bored.
Depending on the rogue, you may lose an opportunity to take advantage of the Empire's turmoil.
I can only hope this fellow is possessed of remarkable stamina. I can't imagine you *cod6*settled*cod6* for long.
Depending on the rogue, you may find he thinks that *cod6*settling*cod6* would waste your talents and opportunities for the future.
I wouldn't presume to know what you will do next, but I know you will follow the path of honor. Whatever that requires.
I wouldn't guess at what you will do, but I know you will be better for the experience.
If we haven't already, I know you will avenge the insult the Lotus Assassins have dared to heap upon you.
Allow me a prediction, if you will?
You're not usually so closed about your goals, but I can respect that. If you'll permit me, I could make a few guesses.
Someday I'll enter into your confidence, but for now I can respect your privacy. Would you permit me to hazard a few guesses?
I have high hopes that we will find a way to save your Master.
We both suspect that we will be too late to save your Master. This will turn into a search for vengeance.
I do not think we will all survive, not against these odds, but those of us who do will find a way to return to our normal lives.
Whatever your ambitions, those of us strong enough to survive what's ahead will follow you to the end.
When you think about it, that leaves only the question of us, doesn't it? That's the tricky one.
Yes, I do.
We've talked long enough. As it stands I'm going to have to listen to Whirlwind's lewd innuendos for the next two days, at least.
I want nothing more than to carry this conversation to its logical conclusion, but we have stood apart from the others long enough.
If I have to listen to that Whirlwind oaf make one lewd comment, I swear I'll strangle him with his own intestines.
Given what we're facing, I don't know if we should go further with this until you rescue your Master. The last thing you need is a distraction.
Good. I'll look forward to... after.
Trust me, you're not the only one, but you can't afford distractions right now.
There will be time later.
There you have it. The easiest answer of this entire journey! Stupefyingly simple.
I have you covered there, Master.
Yes, only a fool.
If it isn't the champion. You have any idea how many headaches you've caused me at this betting counter? How many screaming maniacs are drawn to your fights?
We should carry on, don't you think? You have great things ahead of you. Let's go see what they are.
Understood. I'll do my best not to bother you in the future.
I haven't been to the Imperial City in a while. I traveled here some time ago in my hunt for Gao. In fact, this is where the hunt began.
I've come full circle, and I think it's time to let go of the past and look forward. We have exciting things ahead of us.
There's no point in living in the past, either.
More pressing, and more dangerous. What we are attempting... it's madness. All the more exciting.
There won't be much time for that sort of diversion, but I can't help see the potential.
You were the one who asked me if I had anything to say.
Perhaps you should stay focused on finding your master. I'd hate to be a distraction.
In my heart, I know my daughter rests as easily as any spirit now. Whatever happens, I have that. And if we succeed, I know she finds peace.
If I could go back, I don't know if I would. I'm a different man now, and while I treasure the past, I look forward to the future with the same warmth.
We'll find a way through any troubles. We're too resourceful to roll over and die.
Besides seeing what trouble you get yourself into next, you mean?
Never! You left out the part about accumulating vast sums of ill-gotten silver.
If I tire you so, I swear this is the last you will hear about this.
You know, I look forward most to the day when I figure out how to deal with you.
A woman as strong as she is beautiful is rare, but I've encountered that combination before. Normally, I'd try to flatter you into my bed, but you....
You're better than that. You're a companion and a damn skilled warrior. So I find I never quite know how to deal with you.
See, now you're flirting with me, and I'm left here stammering.
Where's the fun in that? As I said, I love a challenge!
It's the truth. Plain and simple.
Am I? Drat, I don't even know any more. Like I said, consistently off balance.
I don't deny your beauty; I just don't want to treat you like I would... other women. I respect you, and well... Let's just leave it at that for now.
I'm excited to be back in the city. It feels like we're one step closer to our goal, but you know that better than anyone.
You brought us to this point, after all. Who else could have gathered this crew or found such a quick way out of Tien's Landing?
With your charms, any sane man would have. Then again, no sane man would be attempting what we're about to, so you can draw your own conclusions.
I'm serious about you being the reason we're all in this, though. Somehow, the impossible doesn't seem that far off when you're here.
How do you manage that kind of humility? Some sort of special training?
And there you have it. A simple answer is usually the best.
It's good to see you still have a sense of humor. Some people mistake dry and boring for humble, and that's simply no fun. Given what we face, we need all the laughter we can get.
That is your way. For my sake, I hope my strength never falters when you need it.
You don't usually evaluate people like that, but it's good to know you find my aid valuable.
I know about your history--your heritage--but does it bother you? Is it something you wish weren't part of your life?
No, no. I take no offense, and every answer you find seems to leave only more questions. Perhaps the city will be more enlightening.
Regardless, we have an empire to shake up.
I'm not sure I understand all the pressures you face, but I will do what I can to aid you. For one thing, the city awaits us.
Some would shy away if presented with your situation, but you embrace it. This city is in for quite a surprise now that you've arrived, I wager.
Let's go see how much trouble we can cause.
If you want to talk more, we should do so later. I'd like that, but we should go see how much trouble we can cause in the big city.
My apologies. I'll keep such pryings to myself. After all, we're too busy for idle talk.
I hear and obey. I shall reserve my tales for those who wish to hear them.
What we face... will not be easy. Whenever you need me, just call, and I will fight by your side.
Companions to the end, we'll put an end to the wrongs in this world.
Dawn Star has been telling me about Two Rivers, the swamp, and Gao the Lesser.
I was sorry to hear about your town. You're a woman with a knack for finding trouble.
I didn't say it was a bad thing! We're kindred spirits, you and I.
You'd be bored and then complacent. The magical spark in your eyes would dim, and you'd grow old. That's not really what you want.
Stirring the pot just to see what's at the bottom, are you? It's amazing how your eyes dance when you're thinking about causing a ruckus.
Perhaps not the same words, but I am as guilty as the stable boy in his mistress' bed. In your case, though, I'm making an observation of fact.
I was sorry to hear about your town... and your friends. It brought a question to mind.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you. Why? Seriously. Why are you doing this?
Details aside, you're fighting the Empire as a whole when you oppose the Lotus Assassins, Death's Hand, or the Emperor's will.
I know all about your village and your Master, and that explains some of it. What it doesn't explain is your drive, your strength. What gives you that?
I wonder if fate cast this burden upon you, or if you rose up on your own to shoulder it? History will probably decide.
A village was destroyed just to capture one man. You're right, that loss was unnecessary and unforgivable.
Revenge, then? Or perhaps the thought that there's still more to learn by walking this path?
I know you're going to follow Silk Fox's plans to find a way into the Assassins' den. It won't be easy, but I'm confident we'll succeed.
It's what happens after you find a way in that has me worried.
What can I say? You're a source of constant excitement in my life. I'd hate to lose that.
All kinds. Trust me. Let's not get too far off topic, though. This is important.
I know, I know, but never in their lair. Never in that place.
I can imagine that might just be the case.
I knew men and women who were drawn to the Lotus Assassins. They went into that place to prove themselves, as you intend to.
And the few who made it back out were... different.
True enough. You're more likely to take over than kowtow to their demands.
That's reassuring to hear. I'm afraid of what would happen if they convinced you that their way is right.
They acted like they didn't know us or just didn't care if we lived or died. It's hard to say if there's even a difference to the Lotus Assassins.
I know. There's nothing common about you, but still....
That's... true. It is impressive. If the novices were stronger, they wouldn't buy into the dogma.
I'm not sure if I agree. People work best when they do something they want to do, not something they're forced to do.
I know you'll be fine. The Assassins will be lucky if you don't bring the place down around their ears. Just be sure not to tip your hand before you're ready.
That's all in the future, though. We should keep at what we're doing. There's a lot left to tackle before we're done.
Understood. You're more than able to make your own decisions.
Just make sure you're doing this for the right reasons.
There is one thing that's been puzzling me. Is.... No, it's nothing. We have things we should do instead of wasting time talking.
This could be a delicate subject, so if... well, stop me if I say anything out of line.
It's just that the... well, Silk Fox is obviously attracted to you, but you don't seem all that interested.
And then there's Dawn Star, who's clearly.... She idolizes you, and yet there's nothing between you. Is there some... I don't know, some reason?
Thank you for the candid answer.
Me? You mean....
I... wondered. It wasn't just the princess or Dawn Star; you came and spoke to me often. Certainly about nothing this important, but....
I'm not quite sure how I feel right now, but you've certainly given me something to think about. I've never met someone like you and... that's, maybe, a place to start.
I need to think about this privately for a little while. We'll talk later.
You enjoy this, don't you? You like to twist people to see what it will take to make them snap!
I didn't expect that from you... you're not normally one to....
I'm... I'm going to pretend this conversation simply didn't happen. To do anything else would force me to stalk away and never come back.
You're wise beyond your years, my friend. There are times when love can complicate things immensely.
I'm sorry! I just wondered if.... Well, it's nothing.
Ha, fair enough! The last thing I need is to be equated with the mad inventor.
There's adventure to be had, and we should get back to it. We have to stay focused if we're going to get through this alive.
Frankly, I would like to see the end of this little escapade.
I believe we have an appointment with the Emperor, by invitation of his daughter, no less.
Unless you have other things to finish, I see no reason to keep him waiting. Emperors hate to be disappointed.
I don't know about you, but if a member of the Imperial family were leaving me gifts, I'd be mighty curious to learn more.
Then again, the Scholars' Garden is full of more hot air than some flyers, so I can understand your reluctance to rush there.
You managed to satisfy the Lotus Assassins, and that's a major step forward. I just worry that it's a step over the edge of a precipice.
Despite my misgivings, I can't help but smile at the thought that you're the reason they're so keen to acquire new recruits. Nothing like thinning the ranks to make some room.
I never expected to see the inside of this place, and, frankly, I wish I hadn't.
I will give the Assassins this, though: They sure know how to decorate to a theme.
Well, let's see if I can break it down for you. We're desperately trying to impress the people who are trying to kill you and who kidnapped your master.
That, of course, will allow us to enter the heart of their lair where we can acquire highly sensitive evidence against the most dangerous man in the Empire.\n
If we were anyone else, I'd say we were doomed, but hey, we got me.
I'll be honest, I can't think of anything I haven't said already.
Of course. I'll be here if you need anything.
I have no illusions that you might not cast me aside. For all my skills, all my charms, I'm nothing compared to what you are and what you might become.
It's a risk I'm willing to take.
I appreciate the sentiment, but we both know that you are the superior in this relationship. I will find a way to prove my worth to you, whatever it takes.
Ha! I would have deluded myself into thinking you would be fair about things and let me stand beside you *cod6*just because.*cod6*
Now I know you'd be a fool to do that, which is why I will do all I can to prove my worth at your side.
I hope to do so at least once more. Your Master must be cast aside so that you can finish this. The Empire will be yours.
Then let us pass it with flying colors. Your Master will regret the basics he drilled so carefully into you. We'll make sure of it.
You know there will be. We will wrest time from heaven itself if we have to.
This journey began with loss for everyone. I think it's time to put that to a stop.
You know it. Let's finish this.
What did you want to talk about before we left for the palace?
Zu was a good man. I hope he has finally found some peace.
Zu died because he was a fool. Death's Hand was in my grasp.
I think you need to bend a little, Yarou. Being a horse's ass won't help matters any.
You've learned some new tricks of your own, haven't you?
Master Li was holding me back. I'm sure of it.
Stay with me, and you'll see that I am capable of much more.
Is this so vital that we need to talk about it before the palace?
I have some ideas of what's ahead.
I prefer to deal with the future as it comes.
You first. What do you think will happen?
I have some idea.
I want to help him replace his brother as Emperor.
Despite Dawn Star's hopes, I think we will be too late to save him.
If I know Master Li, he will want to rebuild his peaceful life in Two Rivers.
I honestly have no idea.
I think I could find some peace in my own school.
I would like to learn more of my people, the Spirit Monks.
I won't rest until I have destroyed everyone responsible for what's happened.
I think I will take some time for myself. Perhaps with some roguish company.
Maybe I'll settle down with some dashing rogue.
I won't know until after this is finished.
I am going to insist.
My plans are my own. Mind your business.
Let's hear them.
We're smart. We'll figure it out, don't you think?
I agree. This isn't the time.
What if I want a little distracting?
There is no us, Sky.
We're friends. That's what's important.
If you thought there was something between us, you were a fool.
Congratulations on winning everything and all, but I'll be glad if you never fight again. At least not in here. You just can't imagine!
Go bother one of the others if you want to play at soothsayer.
What's on your mind right now?
There's no shame in dwelling on the past.
It's about time. There are more pressing things ahead than Gao.
The thought of all these nobles and their fat purses is making you giddy.
If you have nothing more useful than that to say, keep your thoughts to yourself.
Maybe a distraction is what I need. You're glad to be along?
You realize you may not have a future if you follow me?
Is there something specific you're looking forward to?
You foresee a rich future of traveling the land and wooing fainting noblewomen, don't you?
If you're done unburdening yourself, we have more important things to do.
I shouldn't snap at you. We all have a history to share.
I don't know, I wouldn't mind a bit of flattery here and there.
If you can't handle me, maybe you should stick to waitresses and noblewomen.
That's nice of you to say.
Sounds like you're trying a new tactic to *cod6*deal with me.*cod6*
As I recall, you leapt at the chance to join me, Sky.
Don't discount yourself or the others.
You can't be perfect unless you're humble about it, too, you know.
I just take the time to appreciate those who are with me.
Oh yes, years of intense mediation are required before you can say something nice.
It's not humility. You wouldn't be with me if you weren't useful.
No one else could do what I can. I'm *cod6*special.*cod6*
It's something I have to deal with. I shouldn't take it out on you.
Sometimes I just want to be me, not a destiny.
My abilities are unique. Only a fool would flinch from such power.
It's something I wish nosy people wouldn't keep prying into.
Good. You're with me for your skills. I have no interest in your musings.
That's good advice. We're too busy for idle chit-chat.
You were the one facing down three pirates alone not too long ago.
I'd prefer a life of peace, if it were possible.
I don't find trouble, I cause it.
Do you use that line on all the girls, Sky?
People are suffering. I am going to find out why and fix it.
It is a matter of honor. My home must be avenged.
The Empire destroyed those who would have taught me to fully use my abilities.
You're worried about me? That's sweet of you.
What kind of excitement are we talking about?
I can look after myself. I've dealt with Assassins before.
Why the concern?
I'll tear that place down by its foundations if I have to.
They'll have to kill me before they change me.
Different how?
I'm stronger than the thieves you used to run with, Sky.
You have to respect that kind of control over novices.
Keep your worries to yourself. We have more important things to do.
Never question my motivations. They're mine alone.
What's on your mind?
If you have something to say, say it.
Neither one of them is interesting to me. That's all there is to it.
There's a very good reason. You.
If this makes you uncomfortable, we can pretend this conversation never happened.
How do you feel about things?
You believed me? Sky, you're a fool; I don't have feelings for anyone in this group.
Relationships are a weakness my enemies would be quick to exploit.
What we're trying to do is too important. Personal matters can wait.
Stay out of my affairs, Sky. You have no right to ask me this.
You're absolutely right. Let's get back to it.
I've already got Kang, Sky. I don't need two people stammering around me.
I'll talk to you later, Sky.
You stayed true to me through everything. I won't forget that.
Would you have said that before you met me?
You have proven your worth a dozen times over.
One final test, Sky. Master Li is the final test for both of us.
Hold on, there. This way leads into the Necropolis, a dangerous area. You shouldn't go in there unless you have some business there.
[Success] Y... yes, but I must warn you: the dead aren't the only terrifying things in the Necropolis. They say the Lotus Assassins have a special interest in the place.
The Empire? What is there to know? The world bows before us. Everyone is in awe of our culture. We are the finest and purest examples of the human race.
Led by the most glorious Emperor, we are truly the people closest to heaven.
The... the Lotus Assassins. They are the personal guard of the Emperor and serve directly under Death's Hand. They are above our laws and act with impunity.
We are forced to obey, or... they kill. Even us, even soldiers. But the Emperor either turns a blind eye or is so far under the sway of Death's Hand, that....
I've said too much. The less said about them, the better. They listen from the shadows. It is not wise to speak about them.
Stay away from the Necropolis. It's dangerous.
Stay away from the Necropolis. I wouldn't want a pretty girl like you getting hurt in there.
[Failure] So? I'm not here to stop you. I'm just here to warn you. Any fool can go in and risk their life with the walking dead.
I haven't had time to think about anything except Master Li and Two Rivers and the Imperial City... it's all so much to take in.
Well, I'm not here to stop anybody. I just warn them. It's been a lot more dangerous in there recently. They say ghosts of the dead walk again!
They couldn't pay me enough to go in there and put them down. The dead are best left alone!
Ghosts have been rising up everywhere in the Empire, I've heard. So many have come up in the Necropolis that it just isn't safe anymore.
It would take an army of us to clear them out... if we could do it at all. We can't even safely post a guard in there.
We just warn people away. The Lotus Assassins want everyone kept away, as well. First time I've heard of them being altruistic.
Things have been bad over the past few--let's say five--years. No one has any idea why so many of the dead refuse to return to the wheel of life peacefully.
All we know for sure is that they're not happy. Not happy at all.
Bad. Real bad. Monks used to go in every few weeks to clean out the ones who had risen, but lately it has become too much for them to handle.
I was thinking about the Imperial City. It is such an expansive place, with a great deal of history. But my... my gift lets me see other things as well. Glimmers of the past.
Leave the dead to their own is what I say. Just block the whole place off and start again somewhere else.
Anything else you need? Talk helps pass the time on duty.
If you're still going in there, just watch your back.
I... I'd hate to see a pretty lady like you get hurt. If you're going in there... just watch your back.
What can I do for you, citizen?
It's the city of the dead, as some call it. The burial tombs of hundreds of generations of our most honored ancestors. To be buried in the necropolis is a great honor.
Sadly, things are not well in there right now. As grand a place as it is, you must be on your guard at all times, even if you are a skilled warrior.
Is there anything you want to talk about?
This city? The Heart of the Jade Empire! The shining jewel of all civilization! The home of the Emperor! What's *not* great about this city?
Everything here is taken to its utmost. The most elegant nobles, the wisest scholars. Richness, opulence... the Imperial City is the best part of the Empire.
True, this is the Golden Way, but even the poorest districts of the city are gilded compared to filth in which the howling barbarians outside of the Empire live.
[Intimidation] My business is where I make it.
Tell me about the Empire.
I have all I need for now.
Master Smiling Hawk has killed Second Brother.
What's wrong with the Necropolis?
I have to get in there.
Why aren't the guards doing anything about it?
When did all this start?
How bad has it become?
Have you ever heard the tale of the Eternal Companions?
That's enough about the Necropolis.
Thanks for the warning.
I'm going to go and fight Third Brother.
No. I've changed my mind.
I hear they have ageless courtesans in heaven. That's probably why the Celestial Bureaucracy's so inefficient. But in this case, they're not quite that kind of companion.
High Focus increases your chance of avoiding damage from traps by evading.
You may not return to the palace.
While standing still, hold down *cod7*Block*cod8* to block basic attacks. Try to block a few of Jing Woo's attacks.
Use Chi Heal (hold down *cod7*ChiHeal*cod8*) to channel your Chi to heal yourself.
Powerful attacks can overcome your foe's defense. Press *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8* to break through Jing Woo's Block.
(LTRIGGER)+(RTRIGGER) = Free Target
Use *cod7*FastAttack*cod8* + *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8* to unleash an Area Attack.
Empower your fists with Chi. (*cod7*ChiStrike*cod8*) Chi Charge.*cod2*
Strike the Stone with your empowered attack. (A) or (X).
Enter Focus mode to enhance your speed by pressing *cod7*Focus*cod8*.
Focus can help you defeat Smiling Mountain. (Y) Focus.
Fang's Resignation
This is Judge Fang's letter of resignation from his post as the head of the Ministry of Harmony. It is stamped with his Imperial signet ring.
For every magistrate that objects or peasant that asks questions, another golem is forged. An army undying.
Oh, now, that's thinking, isn't it? Yes, I suppose red silk grass might be just the thing for a wound. I could add it to the poultice.
Hmm, bearded tongue, is it? You must have spoken to Old Ming. He knows his herbs better than anyone. I wouldn't have thought of it, but bearded tongue is just the thing.
There you go. Her pain will fade quickly, and the binding effects of red silk grass will make sure she can fight again, if she wants to.
I've never encountered someone like you before. We are companions, fighting for our lives together, and we could be more.
I don't want to talk about it at length right now. You have more pressing things to deal with, but after... after you're done, we should talk.
If anyone can deal with their kind, it's you, but that doesn't mean I could let you go in there without speaking up.
Just be careful while you're in there, and don't let them get to you. Remember why you're going in, and get out as soon as you can.
I don't know if it was good advice, particularly, but I needed to say it. My gut tells me that things won't go smoothly in there.
Just be careful. Learning is useless if you're not alive to pass it on.
I am. I just have a feeling that something big is going to happen in there.
Zu's sudden disappearance has me worried. I was beginning to think we could trust the man, but... the Assassins can be most persuasive.
Who's to say Zu isn't preparing a trap for you to earn back favor with his old brethren?
I hope for everyone's sake that you are right.
He'd be a fool to cross you. How could he expect anything other than your wrath?
I'm not sure I expected you to say that, but you're right.
Hopefully my instinct is wrong. Regardless, I've said my peace. Come back safe; we wouldn't want to miss our audience with the Emperor.
You are very focused on this. I can respect that. It's probably best that I leave you to your own devices from now on and not interrupt.
Just hurry. As soon as you get the information Silk Fox needs, we can carry on to the palace and put an end to this.
I'll look forward to that, Sky.
We'll talk then.
I appreciate the advice.
I'll be safe, but I'm not rushing. You never know what else we might learn in there.
You sound like you're worried.
I've come to trust Zu. He won't betray me.
I'm aware of the possibility, but I will deal with it if needed.
If that's why he has gone ahead, he's a dead man.
Don't interrupt me, Sky. This is too important for a chat.
Of course, it's probably the same bandits who've been attacking caravans around here, leaving me with only the barest of stock. A man can't win.
You will need more than my help. Just try not to endanger your companions. They are not to blame for what your destiny mandates. Now, is there anything else?
I am always *cod6*agitated.*cod6* It is because of my training. We were taught that we are always being watched, always being stalked. In many cases, it is actually true.
You likely have similar feelings. When trained to be as vicious as the Assassins--or when you are the protégé of a famous master--you tend to attract unwelcome interest.
I wonder how you will react to this scrutiny. I also wonder if your fellows will stand by you when the true weight of what you claim becomes known.
Once again I cast doubt upon myself. It seems I am destined to garner suspicion, even if my actions remain neutral.\n
The sides of the coming conflict seem very well defined. That will not always be the case. It is sometimes difficult to see the truth behind the actions of others.
Enough. I don't have anything else relevant to say. Perhaps I will when I have seen more of what you are capable of... and what your master intends.
Your best may not be enough. That is why it is so often used as comfort after failure. *cod6*You tried your best, but death consumed the nation anyway. Sorry.*cod6*
If your master is right, the actions of the average citizen of the Empire will not matter in the least. Many will prefer ignorance over knowing they are helpless.
That is... an old wound. My departure from the Lotus Assassins was not gentle for either side. My immediate companions, those who were my brothers, fell by my hand.
Lim was not among them. He would have died if he was. I was labeled as the one who deserted, and I am occasionally recognized. The result is always the same.
Another death, more blood spilled. Such a waste for a hatred they cannot even understand.
For now, we should make our way to the Imperial City. That is where they took your master and where we will find the heart of the Lotus Assassins.
For now, you should continue your search for a means to reach the Palace. Your Master will be waiting.
I will answer if it suits me.
Regret? I have no regret for killing anyone who challenged me of their own will. Death is a measurable cost of your actions. Some earn it sooner than others.
Strength is the way of things, and death is the end... or should be. Some do not respect either. They have enough of one to defy the other.
Does it matter? Denying someone's strength is to place yourself above that person without merit. Denying death is to step outside the natural order. Both are harmful.
No matter your motives, helping the Assassins harms you. If you corrupt the spirit shard, you can move forward while *also* crippling their golems.
Only you and Dawn Star are with me. I do not question her loyalty.
If anyone is drawn to my cause, I will do my best not to endanger them.
You question why I should be trusted? What about you?
If Master Li was right, people should help me to help themselves.
Death's Hand will fall like any other. You will see.
It must be difficult to regret the deaths of so many.
Enough of which? Strength or death?
That's horrible. You feel no guilt for killing people?
Why did you leave the Assassins? Why do you hate them so much?
Bah! Never regret killing someone who would have killed you.
What are your feelings on the Imperial City? How powerful are the Lotus Assassins here?
How do you feel about the plan to join the Lotus Assassins? I will need your knowledge.
I'm glad we helped them. I feel good, for a change.
[Success] Look, you don't have to get that way. These guys are ruthless... I'm just looking out for myself. I hope they decide to kill you instead of me.
C'mon... I'll take you there now, but I can't promise you'll get a warm reception.
[Failure] Ha! You aren't half as tough as the men you're looking for. I think I'd rather take my chances with them.
I'll pay you 500 silver to take me to them, Zi Bao.
The Guild is still very much alive. Unfortunately, you are not going to be nearly as fortunate. Your stay here is going to be... cut short.
Thank you... thank you so much. If you hadn't come along... well, I don't even want to think about it.
You are very kind. I only wish there was some way to repay you. Thank you again... and good fortune to you.
Still... thank you. We owe you our lives. Good fortune to you.
I... didn't expect to have to. I can give you some silver, but I don't have much.
Yes... thank you. Goodbye.
Here... take it. I... it's all I have.
I was glad to help. You should take your son home now.
Those men should have known I would kill them. The dogs deserved to die.
How do you plan to repay me?
Don't worry about it. Get going.
Hand it over, now!
It makes me wonder if Master Li is a hero of some sort. If bandits are coming for him, I bet he made their lives difficult before.
Don't be too greedy, my young friend. You are weakened from your battle, and I have many allies here now. But fear not... I will pay you.
If he were going to tell anyone, though, it'd be you. Why don't you ask him?
Give me my reward, or I'll kill you, as well.
Chai Ka: Let us find the woman Jia and end this.
Ya Zhen: Well, this is certainly an interesting predicament. Let's see how well you extricate yourself from this one.
This does not seem to be the best time for discussion. The sound of falling rocks makes it difficult to hear... as does the pounding of my heart in my ears!
Unlike my wife, I do not like to nag... but shouldn't we be finding Jia... before we are buried alive?
I don't mind dying, but I'd rather do it in battle... or in bed, not under a pile of rocks. Let's get out of here.
Let's find that witch and get this over with.
Let's keep moving. We'll deal with Jia first, then we discuss what we've learned.
I'm all for keeping the lines of communication open, but let's wait until we're clear of these falling rocks.
It's a bit of a shame what happened to the guard here. The fool got in the way of Gao the Lesser.
The young master thought you might come after him, so he left us here to slow you down. You were lucky against those bandits, but we're not so easy to push around.
If you're quarrelling with Gao, you're crossing us. Gao the Greater makes sure his son is well protected.
Lucky day for us then, isn't it? Gao the Greater makes sure his son is well protected.
[Success] You aren't even scared, are you? Trained soldiers threatening you, and you aren't even blinking.
No wonder Gao the Lesser didn't want to face you. If you want to go after him, just go. It's not worth fighting with you.
[Failure] You don't scare us any more than Gao the Greater finding out we let you go. He makes sure his son is well protected.
Very well protected. We'll do more than slow you down.
Just stand aside. My quarrel is with Gao, not you men.
You'd need a lot more men to even break my stride.
[Intimidation] If you dogs turn tail, I might not bother to chase you down.
[Intimidation] The others aren't still sore from the thrashing I gave them when they were drunk?
Let me be. An honest merchant used to make a good living in this town, but those drunken sailors have stolen most of my goods! I have nothing to sell you.
Most of what is missing is perishable items: grain, baked goods, fruit. There's little chance of getting them back, and they're hardly worth the effort.
Normally I would look to the local officials to help, but as you've already seen, Minister Sheng can do little about these sailors. Nobody in town can help.
We are just simple villagers. Tong knows he can do whatever he wants to me and get away with it.
You said you felt the lightning coming, but not even Master Li knows the weather like that. I trust your instincts. You are full of such promise.
Thank you. Tong and his friends are usually off getting drunk near the store houses, past Beggar's Pier in the southeast corner of town.\n
Please, I'm not looking for vengeance. I just want my mother's figurine back.
If you convince Tong to return my mother's figurine, I'll give you a discount on all my merchandise when it arrives. I promise!
That is all I can ask. Thank you.
I apologize for the inconvenience, but I have nothing to offer. If the sailors were gone, it might be different.
Thank goodness the Great Dam is closed! Whatever other trials we may face, at least we are in contact with the outside world. Those sailors were causing real trouble here!
Oh, don't be such a sour fish. I wonder about it all the time. You are filled with such promise. My abilities seem so much darker.
We should go to Gujin for a weapon, like Master Li said. Then we can address whatever threat these bandits pose.
We've started to get new shipments into town. The selection is not yet as great as I would like, but it is getting there.  Would you like to see what I have to sell?
Greetings, honored traveller. I regret to tell you that I still have nothing to offer. The sailors take whatever I try to sell and give me nothing in return.
Greetings once again. As I said before, I have no wares to sell you. Between the town being cut off and sailors like Tong stealing from me, I have nothing left.
We should make our way to Gujin as soon as we can.
There is no time to talk. We have to save the village from these bandits!
This is so confusing. Master Li said I could explain the nature of spirits, but... these were different. That sorcerer forced them to appear, like wild dogs let loose.
I was worried enough when we were expecting bandits, now it seems there are dangers we don't even know about. Master Li called that... that sorcerer an *assassin.*
Assassins don't attack at random. They have very specific prey. I don't... I don't want anything to happen to this home. I've never belonged anywhere else.
You can swap the styles in your style slots by holding down the slot you want to change and selecting the style you want from the menu.
Would it be strange of me to say I don't know? I have very little memory of my home before coming here, even though I was three years old when I arrived.
I remember moving around a lot... never staying anywhere for long... and for some reason, the robes of that sorcerer looked familiar to me. I don't know why.
I'm sure it's nothing. Just the memories of childhood playing tricks. With glimpses of the spirit realm invading my thoughts, I could have seen them anywhere.
I can't remember specific incidents, but I am used to being shunned. People are not very welcoming of those who appear to not let the dead lay peacefully.
Master Li said I was brought to him by a concerned ally who received me from yet another person. That person wanted me safe, but he said he couldn't ensure it himself.
Of course, honorable one. What is it you wish to know?
Master Li doesn't know who that guardian was, or what I needed protection from. He promised to look into it, but he has not had time. Your training has taken precedence.
Welcome back, honorable one. I haven't forgotten my promise. I'll give you a discount on all my goods as soon as my shop opens again.
Minister Sheng is the Ministry of Harmony's respresentative here in Tien's Landing. The Ministry normally oversees the collection of taxes and distribution of justice.
But with the problems that have been plaguing the area of late, he cannot do his job well at all, though I would never say so to him.
My abilities are just a curiosity. You are the center of attention here. I prefer it this way. I can just... be.
Yes, I suppose you know something about that, as well. I hope this does not sound odd, but I am glad we share that.
The Great Dam? It is located beyond the haunted ruins of the old town. It would be... inadvisable to go there. As I said, it is haunted.
Rumors say that the ghosts of those who died when the dam was closed have risen, and seek vengeance. It is hearsay, of course, but still... I would never go there.
I am sorry to say that I do not know. But surely a dam that can be opened can be closed. The engineers and architects must have made some sort of mechanism.
But I am just a humble merchant. You should speak to Minister Sheng from the Ministry of Harmony. He would surely know more about this than I do.
Thanks for this talk. The events on the beach worried me, but you always improve my mood. Let's get back to what you need to do.
Of course. This humble merchant thanks you for your time.
Welcome back, honorable one. Since the dam was closed, I've been able to restock my supplies. Would you like to see what I have for sale?
Like revealing the names of killers or locations of lost family treasures? I wish it *was* so easy to measure. The spirits I see tend to wander without purpose.
It's like a reflection of my own life. I was brought to Master Li by an ally of his who received me from yet another person, a guardian who said he couldn't ensure my safety.
Names or titles are often given based on significant events or particular skills. I was apparently named for a red glow opposite the morning sun on the day of my birth.
I'll go talk to Tong for you.
Tong will pay for what he's done!
If I run into him, I'll see.
Is there some kind of reward if I help you?
Then you're useless to me.
I have no other information than that. I remember moving around a lot... and for some reason, the robes of that sorcerer looked familiar to me. I don't know why.
I see. Very well, I will try not to trouble you with this. What else do you want?
I worry there won't be time, but all right.
Yes? I'll help if I can, but Master Li is waiting for you.
Well, we've already visited Gujin, who used to be a guard in the west, they say. Old Ming always has a story, and he's usually by the statue on the beach.
Merchant Fen Do is in the village square. He's been expecting new goods *cod6*any day now*cod6* for weeks.
Oh! For training or learning the philosophy behind martial combat, go see Smiling Mountain. He is behind the ring, near the student quarters. He is always amusing.
That was exciting. I'm glad you are safe. I knew you would be. Your skill is unmatched. Even Gao had to see that. I suppose that's what set him off.
I hope he isn't allowed to stay. Punishment just makes him worse. Master Li has bent like a willow to accommodate him and his sorcerous father.
But don't you wish that some things made more sense? Anticipation is grueling... so much could be happening that you just don't know about.
Yes! Yes, he does! I didn't want to say but... well, I guess that's why we aren't the master and he is. He must be thinking of bigger things.
It scares me sometimes, all this talk of troubled spirits. I didn't ask to be a part of it. As much as you want to know more, I doubt you had a say in your fate, either.
Tell me about Sheng and the Ministry of Harmony.
I'm... I'm sorry, this is supposed to be a happy time. You've proven your ability and... Master Li is waiting for you. You should go to him.
You can't mean that. I mean, Master Li does do some odd things, but he must be thinking of bigger issues.
Where is the Great Dam?
You should speak with Master Li. He will want you to enter the spirit cave soon.
How could the Great Dam be closed?
Master Li would want us to stay focused.
What happened to Gao's men? I thought they abandoned him, but it looks like you had to fight them all!
I didn't realize you took that much of a risk getting to me. Thank you.
I heard Gao yelling at them to kill any bandits who might approach. I guess they wouldn't stop to ask questions.
His mercenaries didn't seem too eager to follow me into the cave, though. It seemed like they were humoring him.
Maybe they were his father's men? I don't... wait... do you hear something?
There are so many. Where are they coming from?
You should be more concerned with where they are going.
You may have won a victory over Gao the Lesser, but it looks like he put things in motion that have outlived him.
What? What do you mean?
These machines have weapons. They drop casks that explode on impact. There will be soldiers on the ground, as well.
Was... was that what Gao meant? He said something about death coming from above for Master Li!
It doesn't matter! We have to get back! The students... everyone will need our help!
Walk away, Dawn Star. You won't get there in time. Better to avert your eyes than see something you care about fall to ruin. Save yourself the pain.
This... machine of Gao's... do you know how to make it work? Could you fly it?
You're one of the fighters now, aren't you?
Raging Dragon, right?
Silver Phoenix, was it?
You're that Tiger Lifts the Mountain, right?
Well, there's nothing for you to do here. I take bets, and you don't get to bet when you're a fighter, so push off.
You? What could you possibly want? You're not here to bet are you?
Betting's only open when there's a match on, and right now, I don't see hundreds of people screaming at me, so I can assume there's no match on.
When Qui the Promoter gets around to setting one up. Go bother him if you really have to know this instant.
Of course, he'll take one look at you and say, *cod6*there's a new fish to throw into the ring!*cod6* Good money if you fight for him, but that's your business and no care of mine.
If you want to find Qui, he'll be upstairs, usually in the fighter's room just past where the nobles marinate in their own decadence.
Right now, it doesn't. No match, no bets. That's not so hard, is it?
And don't ask how it works when a match is on, I'm not your teacher. Come to think of it, you look a bit strapping. Why not fight instead of talking to me?
Qui the Promoter's your man if you're interested. He'll be upstairs a few rooms around the circle.
Good, you do that. I need all the quiet I can get before the matches start. Have to build it up so I don't go insane when the crowds come.
When will there be a match to bet on?
How does betting work?
I'll let you get back to... er, standing here.
Guild Arena Observer
Happy Endings the Courtesan
Let us just say that cooler heads prevail. The current sentiment in the Guild is that the Lotus Assassins have become more trouble than our alliance with them is worth.
There's some people who call the way I operate *cod6*walking the Low Path,*cod6* but they're fools.
Talking about the low path is an attempt to deride the philosophy of those of us who see the truth.
There's no real altruists in this world. Just people who explain their actions with reasons that are easily palatable to the masses.
I refuse to kowtow to those kind of lies. I'm a warrior; people either challenge me and grow stronger or run away like weaklings.
Like I care. It's in my nature to rail against simpering fools, and by being true to the discord I cause, I'm made that much stronger.
That's all there is to it. I'm not here to hash this over with you. If you want that, go bother the scholars or one of those saps in the Black Leopard school on the hill.
Tell me more about the Low Path.
That philosophy can't earn you many friends.
I'm ready!
Time to bloody my axes!
I'm looking forward to killing something... anything.
Let's see if we can find ourselves a fight!
My axes are yours!
The fun starts now!
Time to smash some skulls!
Ha, ha! No one will dare stop us!
As you command.
I am here.
I am yours to command.
My strength belongs to you.
You will is my command.
I go where you wish.
I hear and obey.
I will not let you down.
I'm honored that you have chosen me.
Together, we cannot fail.
It is an honor to fight at your side.
We were trained together, your selection is only right.
Thank you for asking me to accompany you.
I will give everything I have to aid you.
I look forward to our journey together.
I've got the wine. Let's go.
I just hope we don't bump into my suspicious spouse.
This may be a bad time to tell you, but I'm allergic to death... especially my own.
Let's go kneed some dough! What? It's the best I could come up with.
You're not taking me someplace dangerous, I hope.
I hope nobody touches my buns while I'm gone.
I made the wine extra strong. You just have to ignore the chunky bits.
I'm flattered you chose me... scared to death, but flattered.
No, no, no. I must stay at the camp to look after the Marvelous Dragonfly.
I will be more use to you here than traipsing about away from my tools.
No, I have too much work to do on the Marvelous Dragonfly.
If you want the Marvelous Dragonfly to work properly, leave me be!
This is more like it.
Anything is better than waiting around in the camp.
I am not accustomed to following orders, but I will try.
Good. I did not join you to sit idly by.
My weapons are at your disposal.
I think we will make an excellent duo.
I will assist you however I can.
Our enemies will curse the day they were born!
Time for a little adventure.
My blades are yours to command.
This will be fun, you and I together.
Name it, and it's done.
This promises to be interesting.
Ahh... finally a chance to stretch my legs.
Whatever you need, I'll be happy to help.
Our enemies will fall like leaves in autumn.
I thought you'd never ask.
It's about time.
A wise choice.
I foresee much pain and agony ahead.
The world is ours for the taking.
Our enemies will tremble before us.
Now you'll see what a true demon can do.
Ah, excellent. I have many items... just waiting for you.
You know, I think I actually like this job better than my last.
I have acquired some great new items.
Dead or alive, it doesn't matter to me. What can get for you today?
I've found some real gems lately. Just look and see.
Zin Bu is always happy to serve you.
I feel terrible for the poor soul who took over my last position.
Are you buying, selling... or both? I'm here to help with all your trading needs.
Let's go.
Let's keep things simple. If someone gets in our way... remove them.
Ready to serve.
My staff and skills are yours to command.
I am ready and willing.
Good. I need a break from the others in the camp.
Don't worry, I'll be right behind you.
I'll stay out of your way if you'll stay out of mine.
You also have to select a fuel. It looks like there are a few pieces of cinnabar in the contraption, but it may accept others, as well.
It looks like a powerful thing, so just guessing at the possible configurations will probably get you into trouble and waste the cinnabar in the machine.
I won't stop you, but you really should look for something that lists which configurations are good. Who knows what you will get with random settings.
I don't know. We'll just have to keep our eyes open as we travel. The Imperial City will likely hold something. It is large enough to accumulate anything.
If you try to pound a nail sideways, is it the hammer's fault? Don't blame your tools. Obviously, you didn't have the correct configuration... very risky.
You'd better check your settings. You have a configuration that we found previously. Make sure it's set properly.
Best to find something listing a likely configuration, rather than just guessing. There must be something around here somewhere, although they could be anywhere.
Ha! Quite a stroke of luck... but I wouldn't try that too many times without a configuration if I were you. Who knows what this device will choke out.
A most intriguing place.
Turn on the individual components... at least two of them. Place the fuel of your choice in the hopper, and then press either the tiger or the dragon button.
Before you do all that, you should make sure you know what configuration you want. Otherwise... boom! You never know what might happen.
All right, all right. Have a look around or whatever it is you do. Come and find me when you want to go back.
There's just something about this place. I can almost feel it, it's on the tip of my brain... and then it's gone. I just wish something would help prod my memory.
That's it... I remember now! I know where this machine came from!
You have a chance to break free with the help of the last Spirit Monk. Fight for it!
I'm just going to try it out.
Where can I find one of these configurations?
[Intimidation] The mighty Ai Ling's afraid to spread her wings? I can't believe that.
What did I do wrong?
This machine is infuriating!
How do I use the machine?
Not in any sense that would benefit a warrior. That is the only reason why I would even think of trusting you with the task of its retrieval.
You do not buy academic prestige. You certainly do not *buy* history!\n
This zither is a link to one of history's greatest minds. Find the zither's case and its silk strings. Bring them to me, and we will silence all who refuse to honor my work!
You need to know something more?
Is it magical?
Couldn't you just buy one for yourself?
Gullible fool. Six Heavens thought to build his legacy upon mine. Take his silver. Had he truly walked the Way of the Closed Fist, he would have seen his coming doom.
Have you finished speaking with those apparitions? Are you ready to tell me which of them most deserved death?
You are worthy to aid me in my cause, and so I will grant you a chance to carry out my wishes.
Focus Mode ON
Focus Mode OFF
These outlaws lack resolve. Look how easily they gave up their lives. Such a waste.
You have even recovered Minister Sheng's weapon. Is it as impressive as he claimed it to be?
I'm sure the minister will reward you when he arrives. He is bringing reinforcements in his Marvelous Dragonfly.
I don't know why he thinks they are needed. These bandits pose no real threat.
Well, the minister may not share your dedication to the safety of the roads, but he will appreciate the outcome regardless.
He will arrive soon with reinforcements. I'm not sure why. These bandits pose no real threat.
The minister may dispute your claim when he arrives. He is bringing reinforcements in his Marvelous Dragonfly.
The quality is irrelevant. The theft was an insult.
I only care about ending the threat these bandits pose.
It will do. It is mine now, regardless.
Right now is a particularly dangerous time, as one of the leaders of the Guild has recently been... inhumed. Kai Lan sees this as an opportunity.
I fight, I bear the stains of bloodshed with pride as all Assassins are trained to do. But records must be kept, if only to know who to make examples of.
You will not find an Assassin who is shy about killing, acolyte. None of us are here to *learn* to be vicious.
Goodbye, acolyte. Serve our masters well.
Hello once more, acolyte. Have you any inquiries for the archive?
Hmm, Gang is dead too, isn't he? Well, I'm sure the successor will be determined later. Would you care, acolyte, to contribute your name to this record?
Only to chronicle your alleged involvement, of course.\n
Of course, of course. I know how to appease those destined for greatness within the order. Have you any questions for the archive?
As you wish. Unlike many in our order, I am careful whom I anger. Have you any questions to make of the archive?
Then you are an oddity. Attention brings advancement, but I suppose it can draw unfortunate interest as well. Have you any questions for the archive?
Would you care, acolyte, to contribute your name to this record? Your alleged involvement is worthy of accolade, I'm sure.
Greetings, young Lotus Acolyte. I am the Keeper of the Archive. What can this humble servant of the order do for you?
Our order has existed for twenty years. I have chronicled our new role and rise to glory. Much is mundane: minor shifts in power, the results of various campaigns.
True secrets are held only in the minds of Grand Inquisitor Jia and Death's Hand.
I will answer, within the limits of what someone of your ranking is permitted to know. Recent or old entries? You must give specifics.
All you are allowed to know of your masters is that Death's Hand is the will of the Emperor and Grand Inquisitor Jia rules this place for him.
Obey their wishes when they are made apparent to you or you will be destroyed. That is all an acolyte needs to understand.
You may, however, ask about your Master Gang. He is not important enough to warrant secrecy.
A thoroughly average Assassin relegated to indoctrinating acolytes due to his failure to demonstrate leadership qualities. He is not well liked.
His mediocrity is magnified by the successes of Master Shin, an Assassin who arrived at the same time and has catapulted through the ranks.
Coincidentally, Master Shin is the one who personally documented many of Gang's failures. There is, of course, nothing strange about this.
Shin is also now dead. Perhaps that will see a rise in Master Gang's fortunes. I wait to record the results.
He is dead, as is his superior, Master Shin. A certain acolyte may have had an influence on these matters, but both allowed themselves to appear weak.
No investigation into their fates is planned or likely.
You are permitted to know that Death's Hand returned from Dirge as the Emperor's trusted confidant after all others around him proved to be traitors.
After defeating the drought, the Emperor was no longer a slave to the natural order of things. He needed utterly loyal disciples to replace, and kill, doubters.
The Order of the Lotus was quickly transformed from its weak role under Prince Kin. Death's Hand was the new way, and those who disagreed were destroyed.
All who did were killed... except one who first hid his doubt. On a mission to cleanse a traitor's family, he rejected Death's Hand and turned on his fellows.
The bodies were unrecognizable. More have died to him over the years, but few remain who know his face. He was our most skilled, most vicious, and most hated.
*cod7*FullName*cod8*. Make sure it is spelled right.
No names. Record instead that the Assassins would soon fall to their own foolishness.
Put nothing in your record about this. I am not here to garner attention.
How long have you kept your archive?
I want to ask about what is in the archive.
Tell me about the Lotus Assassin leadership.
Tell me about Master Gang.
Tell me about the time the order was formed.
No one questioned such a brutal change?
So this rogue Assassin escaped punishment?
What was this rogue Assassin called?
What was so different in the way you were trained?
Tell me about recent campaigns.\n
Who was this enemy?
The Assassins need a historian? That cannot be your only duty.
Stop right there, acolyte. I am well aware of what that... that... Lotus Expositioner records. Rumors and lies routinely turned over to Grand Inquisitor Jia.
If you wish to remain more than a footnote in her pages you will not speak to me again about her. The old fool will see my potential, and you will help me.
I spoke with the Keeper of the Archive about you.
Right now is an interesting time for an organization known as The Guild. I have no doubt that Qui has told you about us if you didn't already know.
Our organization is involved in many different activities, most of which operate below the view of the authorities of this great Empire.
Come now. We are above calling each other names, aren't we?
I am suggesting that we align our goals for a time. An arrangement that could benefit us both.
The Guild, you see, has recently developed a vacancy in its upper ecehelons. A man by the name of Gao the Greater has been killed and with his death a new leader must be chosen.
I intend to replace him in that role, and I need good people to back me.
Did you? An interesting claim, and one I'm not sure I believe. You don't match the descriptions we have of the killer, but then the descriptions are fairly... tenuous.
You knew him? Yet you aren't associated with our organization. The logical conclusion is that you are his killer.
If you are the one who killed Gao, then I owe you a favor. Consider my reluctance to turn you in to the Lotus Assassins a repayment of that debt in full.
You're a bunch of criminals.
Are you suggesting that I join you?
You realize that I'm the one who eliminated Gao the Greater?
You want to be a pirate backing, slave trader with an arrogant dog of a son?
You seem at peace with the world now. I suppose... what you've been through could do that to a person.
You're right. We're going to deal with Master Li; let's make sure it's for the right reasons.
It seems hard to hang on to anger right now, but we must still deal with your former master. He must pay for what he has done.
I agree with you, though, let's deal with him for the right reasons.
[Success] I suppose I wasn't. Even in my darkest rage, I wouldn't have said that.
[Success] You're right... about everything. Anger makes me no better than your Master.
[Success] Pinmei. Damn, you're right. I'd grown accustomed to seeing the world as a struggle, but what you say makes perfect sense.
[Failure] I'm sorry, I just can't get past what your Master has done, what he tried to take from us.
Just remember, some of the others may not see your goals in the same light. Dawn Star leaps to the front of my mind, but the others, as well.
The only thing that really matters is that you made it back to me. I knew even death wouldn't stop you, my last Spirit Monk.
If you can tell me, I want to hear all about it... in a bit.
No, I made that mistake once. Never again.
I never did say what I wanted to before the palace, you know?
You had the courage to say what I wanted to, but I wasn't able to reply. Not properly.
Actually, you did know, and you told me so, which was kind.
Of course you did. You even gave me a second chance to spit it out.
When I heard you were.... I knew I'd missed my chance to tell you I had fallen in love with you.
I would never have expected this, but you and I... we're more than companions. I didn't get a chance to tell you that....
That you were in my every thought. That whenever I could, I kept you in my sight just to know you were there. That you had become everything.
When you fell, it was like a part of me shattered. I thought that piece would be broken forever, but... we have another chance. I love you, and I never want to let you go.
That I'm in love with you? Gladly, but there's something we should do first. Come here.
I was just getting to that part, but as my lady wishes....
Absolutely.
It's quiet tonight. It won't last. Your Master has already unleashed his hounds.
At least we got here first. I don't like to think of you walking out of that gate and into their arms.
I would need a dastardly clever plan to get you out of that.
The slaughter might have put Whirlwind to shame if I had to fight my way to you.
I thought about our discussion earlier. Remember, I was asking you about the future and what you wanted for yourself when all this was done?
You talked about starting a school and finding some peace there. It might seem strange, but I think you're the kind of person who would fight for that peace.
You wanted to learn more about your people, remember? That clicked when Dawn Star mentioned Dirge, and I knew you were fighting your way back.
You swore you wouldn't rest until you'd destroyed those responsible for what had happened.
You were joking when you said you'd try and settle down with some dashing rogue, but since then, you've seemed more serious.
I remember you saying you wanted to rest after all this ended. Somehow, I suspected you wouldn't consider what happened the *cod6*end.*cod6*
When Dawn Star began having visions, I just knew that you were fighting your way back. What else could she be seeing?
So we followed, and here we are, with the new Emperor's army on the way. I don't know how we'll survive, but we'll find a way.
Since you've... returned, you're stronger than you ever were before. There's no denying the truth of what you say.
You're so angry when you say that. There's no more hope for your Master in your eyes? I mean he must be stopped, but....
[Success] Then you shall have it. Sun Li will pay for trying to take you away from me.
[Success] You're right. If he would do that to his own student, then I can't imagine what he would do the Empire.
We will stop him, if it takes tearing his heart out.
[Success] You're right. He really was behind it all, wasn't he? Damn him. If only we'd known. Oh well, this new Emperor will learn his lesson soon enough.
[Failure] I understand how you feel, but I won't give up hope for your Master just yet.
Whatever it takes. I'll be there with you until the end.
When we followed, I knew there was still a chance that you'd come back for revenge.
When you're ready, I'll stand beside you. We will crush Emperor Li, and if you want his power, I will be there to help you take it.
I have noticed something different about you. No less skill or determination, but less of an edge.
You seemed less surprised than the others when I stepped through.
Why were you so sure I'd be coming back?
Forget survival. This is about making Sun Li pay for what he has done.
[Charm] You and I have great things ahead of us, Sky, but I need your strength.
[Intimidation] You don't care that he struck me down? I need your help to destroy him, Sky.
[Intuition] He was behind everything, Sky. All the loss. I need you to harden your heart.
There is a way, we just have to find it.
No one else can stop Master Li, but I can't do it alone.
Some things have changed. I'm not that interested in power anymore.
[Charm] You weren't like that when I met you, Sky.
[Intimidation] I need you with me, Sky, not questioning me.
[Intuition] Would your daughter want to hear you sounding like that? Let go of the anger.
You're right, Sky. Neither of us can afford to forget what Sun Li has done.
It's good to know I can trust you to help me, whatever happens.
I'm not sure how, but I'll find a way to tear my Master's heart from his chest.
I did. It wasn't easy.
That's all you have to say?
I liked that. Say that again.
You leave me no choice, Sky. I'm going to have to kiss you now.
Let's make sure we don't waste that chance.
For tonight, let's forget about the army. We have some... catching up to do.
We each have our path, Zu. I will listen when you are ready.
There will be no one else able to assist. I am destined for this.
Bah! You fear him, but I have skill you do not. I don't need to know anything else.
We will not allow you keep these people!
You can't be serious?
These people have done nothing!
You seriously contemplate this?
The man leading the bandits seemed to know Master Li.
Lotus Assassins? It makes no sense. Why would they be here? It must have just been a bandit. You should really ask Master Li, though. Such things aren't mine to discuss.
You look to be worth about a silver and a half. What do we need to prove to you?
Do you think yourself worthy of making such a demand? What proof are you worthy of?
A foolish, foolish mistake. You have no idea.
He doesn't come close to Master Li's skill, but Smiling Mountain is good for the younger students. He pairs novices and more advanced students so we can learn.
You will not keep them this way!
These people are not cattle for you!
They are not animals for you to imprison!
He thinks it's too tough, but impossible odds make the best fights.
We won't allow you to use them this way!
It is not your place to decide for these people.
They will be free of your cages.
Yes, what do you have to say to that? You want to fight, right?
You'd betray them this way?
Even fighting for themselves, at least they have a chance.
It would be no less than you deserve.
It is justice... of a sort.
I think they might even enjoy it.
A truly practical approach that most people I'm sure find lacking.
If a man can't earn his own freedom, he does not deserve it.
Never doubt when someone gives their word.
The Lotus Assassins are not the only authority in the Empire.
We'll see what we can do.
Freedom cannot be given, it must be earned.
At least you've managed to survive! There's always something to be thankful for!
This is heartless. Were you always like this and I didn't see it?
Giving them some chance is better than none... and our own mission needs attending to.
A man can ask no more than for the chance to fight for his own life.
Keeper of the Archive
For years you have been enslaved to the power of the Water Dragon, but now a flicker of hope exists to break free of enslavement as Death's Hand. You may be the youngest brother, but you were always a match for your siblings in battle.
I'll stop the little guys! The big one's yours!
Down!
There's no end to them! Just like my wife's cousins!
Keep your head down, bun man, I'm killing things here!
You'll kill us if we don't get out of here soon!
Look! There! That's our only chance!
[Panting.]
Time to switch tactics.
You haven't got what it takes!
You're dealing with a veteran!
I've seen it all.
This is my battlefield!
Time for a lesson in warfare!
This will hurt you more than me!
Old dogs die hard!
Damn, that stings!
That's experience, kid!
What? That blow did nothing?
This arena is mine!
Nothing can save you!
I am the true champion!
You will die screaming!
You can't stop me.
Poisoned? Me?
[Evil laughter]
This will be a great tragedy!
The humanity of it all.
If only I could find a way to put things right!
I'm ruined. I know I'm ruined.
This will, er, go over very badly.
Oh, be fair. I may be the weapon master around here, but it's Master Li who really does the training. I help out, but he's the real reason you two are so good.
Chapter 1
I... I cannot face this!
If only I had had the time to study his techniques for a few years before you faced Crimson Khana!
The others might overlook what you have done or believe that Khana died of natural causes, but I will not!
I can't honestly say. Your meridians are pulsing with power, but there's something strange about your strength.
I don't know what it is about you, exactly, but I would say you have been trained like no other warrior in this place.
What are you babbling about?
Should she prove her worth? No, she can defend it, or die.
How has Smiling Mountain helped you train?
Wait, I know this.... Yes! It's Weapon, Martial, Support, Transformation and Magic.
Weapon and Martial styles are pretty self explanatory. Support styles allow you to paralyze, slow or otherwise hamper your foes.
Chi is our internal magical energy. Is that it? Yes, and we can use our Chi to hasten the healing process of superficial wounds.
Additionally, chi can be used to strengthen our blows making the most of each strike.
I'm sure that's right. I can't channel my chi like you and Dawn Star yet, but one day!
Of his history? Nothing. He is supposed to be a great master, but I just arrived, so I know very little about him.
I wish I knew more, senior student, but that is all I can answer about our Master.
Oh good. I mean... yes, thank you, senior student, for the chance to answer your questions.
I'm barely worthy, senior student. You've shown me that already.
No! It's just that I feel that this is something to keep me occupied.
It is an honor to guard this gate, even if I worry that I might not be able to do more than cower behind it in times of trouble.
I... maybe I am. I can't seem to say anything right. I'm sorry, senior student. I'm clearly a failure.
No... that's... I simply meant that I was a burden to him. It seems all I can do is offend you, and you are considered the best here.
How quickly I fail when I've barely begun. I'm sorry, senior student.
What are the main classifications of styles, student?
How does your chi affect combat?
What do you know of Master Li?
That will be all, Student Si Pat.
You consider this task a waste of time, do you?
You will do fine, I'm sure.
Then you are too weak to be in this school?
A worm like you dares to question Master Li's decisions?
At least we're hearing about bandits and not ghosts right now. Those ghost stories scare me.
If those bandits think we students won't protect the town, they're fools.
I hope Kia Min isn't too badly hurt. She's very nice.
Master Li called the man on the beach an *cod6*assassin.*cod6* That mean anything to you?
Acquire Your Weapon
Gujin, the weapon master for your school, has a workshop in Two Rivers. Make your way out of the school via the gate and head for town.
It's a good thing we have Master Li here.
Oh, you... you are a friend of Dawn Star, right? I am looking for her.
Radiant is dead... his time has passed. Now is the time for the living! Help me destroy him and I will make this school more powerful than ever before!
I'm going to finish you off this time!
No, Third Brother. I have a much better use for you.
Master... no!
Now we will finish this!
Of course. I'll be glad to spar with you once you've defeated Sixth Brother.
[The altar and statue serve to show students a real example of lessons otherwise presented abstractly in class. It has not seen use in some time.]
I'd like to spar with you now.
You're nothing!
As you wish. Follow me.
I'd like to fight with you for now.
Zhong won't listen to me. If I can't get him home, I'll be ruined.
I... would not normally ask, but would you be interested in joining our school? It would be an honor to have someone of your skill.
You haven't accomplished nearly enough to warrant my attention. Maybe you'll be good enough... one day.
Ha! Master Smiling Hawk has given me new training. I'll enjoy watching you suffer!
You... you cheated. You can't beat me... I'm... better than you!
Do not disgrace yourself further, Third Brother. Accept your defeat and learn from it.
This isn't over! You'll both pay for this!
Your talk is cheap, Third Brother. Let's fight!
We will see who the fool is soon enough.
I will destroy you, Third Brother!
You were desperate enough to ask me to find you a man. Tian's a man; what's the problem?
Not yet, but word has it they're coming by river, so this might be where they land.
They're fools to land in the sight of the Emperor's statue. His glory will inspire us to fight back. Of course, in a pinch we could always drop him on a few of them.
Any other sign of bandits down here?
[Closing the dam exhausted the power of the Jade Heart, disabling the enchantment that once controlled the mechanism.]
[The mechanism to open and close the dam is controlled by a powerful enchantment focused on the Jade Heart at its center.]
[You close the dam, unleashing a blast of magical energy from the Jade Heart.]
[Removing the Jade Heart will break the enchantment controlling the dam, locking it in the open position. Once damaged, the controls will be beyond all repair.]
[You seize the Jade Heart, unleashing a blast of magical energy that destroys the controls beyond all hope of repair.]
[You leave the controls alone.]
[Close the dam.]
[Remove the Jade Heart and disable the dam so it can never close.]
[Remove the Jade Heart.]
[Close the dam instead.]
[Do nothing.]
The dam is downriver from this pathetic little town. When it is closed, the river flows more slowly. The water backs up and the level rises.
But since it was opened by--well, Sheng can't say, but you know who--the water has drained away, leaving the river nothing but a small trickle.
Closing the dam will slow the river once more, causing the water level to rise as the water backs up, saving the town and Minister Sheng's glorious career!
So now Minister Sheng must explain the laws of physics and nature to you? I am reduced to the role of simple tutor, but as I need your assisstance I shall answer your questions.
The dam is down river from this pustule of a town. When it was closed, it caused the flow of the river to slow. The water backed up and the level of the river rose.
Now, however, the dam is open and the water drains away, leaving the river nothing but a trickle in a bed of muck. This town is doomed... along with my political aspirations!
How will closing the dam raise the river level?
They shouldn't have to put up with that.
Another tradition I'd rather see abolished.
You aren't honestly considering this, are you?
That's a generous offer. Lead roles pay fairly well.
I think you should do it. You'd make a wonderful Lady Fourteen Flowers.
I shouldn't have enjoyed that as much as I did. Intellectual plays bore me to tears, but that was brilliant.
I'll admit, that was truly memorable.
At least we know you'll have something to fall back on if our other endeavors fail.
You continue to surprise me. I wouldn't have thought you the aspiring actor.
As promised, I will teach you a new style. Watch closely.
Fine. Just give me my reward.
Good bye.
Look For Gems in the Quarry
He took my power, and Second Brother's too, he is at least my equal now, if not more. If First Brother tries to aid me, Smiling Hawk would steal his power too.
How would he explain it? How would he know I was dead, unless, of course, he had something do with it? To prove my death, he'd have to implicate himself.
You see! This is the man you've been following! He's only a ghost... he's not even alive anymore.
I think they can see that for themselves, Third Brother.
Have you decided to confess to my murder, Smiling Hawk, or are you just here to preside over another senseless death?
How dare you speak to Master Smiling Hawk that way! You will pay!
He was always too impetuous. No matter... I have a new assistant now. One I think you will find to be a much more difficult opponent.
You? You did this to First Brother? I never should have invited you here!
No! We won't let you harm Master Radiant!
I see I will have to deal with you myself. So be it.
Why doesn't he just... finish you off?
Why don't you kill him yourself?
Why didn't Smiling Hawk just tell everyone you were dead?
I will destroy the Smiling Hawk!
Actually, I am a student.
It's too late now, Radiant.
Now you will pay for your mistake!
You're right... you shouldn't have!
Belly of Iron
I decided to help Smiling Hawk instead.
Smiling Hawk is right. You and Radiant are weak!
She came in, asked to meditate, and then killed the first person who came near her. She's either crazy or just very angry.
What can you tell me about the woman near the shrine?
I want to challenge you to a fight.
Very mysterious, and very deadly. She came in a while ago asking to use the shrine. Shortly after that, a man followed her... and died quickly by her sword.
Tell me about the woman near the shrine.
I'd like challenge you to a fight.
I honestly don't know. She came here a short while ago seeking refuge. She wanted to use our shrine and to be left alone. I saw no harm in it, so I agreed.
The man lying there followed her in. When he went over to her she cut him down and then went back to her mediation.
The masters are content to let her be... for now. That's about all I can tell you. Is there anything else?
Who is that woman over by the shrine?
You matched my stance.
Accept your retribution.
You'll regret this day!
Down you go!
For honor's sake!
How dare you?!
I shall school you!
I recover.
My blood is impure.
You were foolish to challenge me.
That feels better.
I feel sick.
That'll show 'em!
I have to go... there must be another way. I have to find some way to help Songtao.
I can't speak now; I'm trying to find a way to free Songtao.
Zi Bao got away.
You will regret this.
You'll pay!
Now I'm angry!\n
Much better.
The blood burns!
Be shamed!
Die, coward.
Die, dog.
Die like a pig.
Let's dance.
I'll eliminate you.
You're history.
I'm healed!
I'm... I'm defiled!
I bring death!
My talents are wasted.
You're barbeque.
I'll break you.
Die of shame.
Die like a traitor.
Die, garbage.
For glory!\n
I'm better.
Foul poison.
Hah, you've had it!
My art has no effect!
Fall, foul creature!
Feel the pain!
For the fallen!
Graaah!
I cannot lose!
Pay attention.
Ah, that's better.
Poison?
Despair, fool!
Refreshing.
My blood curdles!
As it was meant to be!
Minister Sheng almost overslept! Judge Fang will be here any minute. Quick, out of the way! I want Fang to see me standing beside the honor gift when he enters.
I bid you warm and humble greetings from Tien's Landing, oh great and honorable Judge. I'm eager to present my report. I'm sure you will find it most interesting.
What's that you have there for me, Sheng?
You have a keen and observant eye, mighty Fang. I have brought you a gift... a small token of my esteem for you.
Turtle's eggs! What is the meaning of this, Sheng? You dare mock me with this... this... insult!
N-no... there must be some mistake....
I understand all too well, Sheng. These eggs are your way of getting back at me for assigning you to Tien's Landing. But *I* will have the last laugh, Sheng!
I banish you to Tien's Landing! Wait there until I summon you back to the Imperial City. It shouldn't take more than a decade... or two.
W-wait... Judge Fang... please, come back! I... I... no!!
You... you did this to me! You have disgraced Minister Sheng. I am doomed to remain trapped at my wretched post in Tien's Landing forever!
No... Minister Sheng will not accept this! Judge Fang has not heard my report yet. I will not return to Tien's Landing without giving my report!
I refuse to abandon the glories of the Imperial City. I simply won't leave. You can't make me. Nobody can! Minister Sheng will not be moved!
The what now?
Perish, fool!
Get over here.
Fist meets face.
One more for the road!
Stand still, you!
Hurry up and die!
(Muffled belch)
Wrong brew!
That'll stain you.
You don't know anything about how the Imperial Arena works. Why don't you go find out?
Ha! I sounded like you when I first got here. Now I'm finished for good. Learn about this fine Imperial Arena yourself, why don't you?
You think you're tough enough for the Imperial Arena, do you? Why not prove it. I'll never be allowed to fight in here again, that's for sure.
Guess my spot in the roster is yours if you want it. Go find Qui the Promoter if you think you can fill my shoes.
He's always upstairs in the third room over or so, and looking for new blood. I'm taking what I have left from my winnings and leaving.
What just happened?
Sounds to me like you got what you deserved.
You're going to take that? Get up there and stand up for yourself!
Step away from me, mongrel. Your weakness disgusts me.
I can do no more.... I must fade. Pity those spirits that have grown twisted. You will come to know their pain when life leaves you.
You should talk to the other fighters here, they've been watching you and are getting nervous. Of course, I'll need more time than that for these preparations.
It's just a matter of preparing the proper documents. Why don't you kill the time by making your way out into the city? See the sights! Maybe visit the Golden Way or the Scholars' Garden.
Actually, that reminds me: a woman was here watching your fight against Hapless Han. Dressed all in black and veiled. She seemed impressed with your preferance.
Just before she left, she told me to tell my new fighter that, *cod6*she was still waiting to see you.*cod6* She said you'd know where. Sounds like quite the invitation!
Bai the Outcrier stands outside the arena and usually knows all sorts of interesting things that are pericollating in other parts of the city!
By the time you see some of the sights and get back here I should have things ready to go for your Bronze Division debut!
Your next fight? I'd love to, but I'm still arranging the details of your entry into the Bronze Division.
Besides, didn't you have some mysterious lady in black looking to meet you? Hardly an invitation I'd turn down!
Go on and get some fresh air. Go see the Golden Way, pester the scholars or even bother the students at the Black Leopard School! I still need a bit more time to arrange things.
What kind of preparations?
I can't fight now?
They attacked and were overmatched. If I let them go, they might return a greater threat. You must know this simple tactic; I've seen you training in your village.
You fought without mercy. Why should I trust you?
Kin was made Death's Hand after you abandoned him. I'll restore his true self!
You might also want to keep an eye out for some small shrines that are scattered about the forest. Some of them are said to react to magic or charges of chi.
It is said that these shrines react when users of chi focus their inner magics upon them. They light the path for pilgrims in the darkest nights.
The ghosts in this forest seem to shy away from the light. It's possible that these shrines might drive them away for a time, or possibly weaken them.
What is the purpose of these shrines you mentioned?
Talk to my acolytes at their stations in the golem press room and the Soul Extractor. These are dangerous machines, find a sharp corner Shin can crack his temple on.
I seen no movement in your plan to distract the press operator, clear the hall of witnesses, and stop the slave shipment arriving from outside in the Necropolis.
Only after all that is done will Shin be vulnerable. Of course, I cannot be involved.
You found Dawn Star in discussion with Gao the Lesser, who was his usual arrogant self. Having already heard about the bandits from Master Li, Dawn Star has joined you to aid with the defense of the town.
Let's talk about the plan to kill Shin.
You have slain Miss Chan and her spirit no longer roams the Necropolis. Surely Shen will give you a reward for ridding him of this problem.
You have slain Miss Chan and her spirit no longer roams the Necropolis.
Miss Chan at Peace
Return to Shen and tell him Miss Chan is at peace.
You have reunited the ghost of Miss Chan with that of her son. They both now rest in peace. Surely Shen will give you that reward now for ridding him of this problem.
Put Merchant Bai to Rest
Bring peace to Merchant Bai.
Defeat Bai's Tormentors
Defeat the ghosts that torment Merchant Bai.
Merchant Bai is being tormented by the ghosts of the two brothers that killed him in life. Apparently they were buried in the Necropolis, as well, and they have risen to torment him. He cannot rest in his fear and anguish. He says you can find them in an underground tomb immediately to the south.
Return to Merchant Bai
Return to Merchant Bai with news that you have defeated his tormenters.
You have defeated the ghosts of the brothers who tormented Merchant Bai. Return to him so that you can put his spirit to rest.
Return to Shen
Return to Shen and tell him that Merchant Bai rests in peace.
Return to Shen and tell him that you have brought peace to Merchant Bai. Surely he will give you a reward for relieving him of this problem.
Return to Shen and tell him that Merchant Bai has been banished.
You have banished the Spirit of Merchant Bai. Return to Shen and tell him about this so that he can reward you for getting rid of this problem.
Vengeance Served Cold
Bring peace to Mister Ren.
A Misunderstanding
You have spoken to Ren Feng, the wife of the poisoned Mister Ren. She claims that the poisoning which led to his death was accidental, and that it was just some bad fish she bought. It is doubtful that Mister Ren will believe this.
Vengeance is Served
Return to Mister Ren with news of his wife's death.
You have killed Ren Feng, the woman Mister Ren says poisoned and murdered him. With this news, his spirit should be able to lie peaceful once more.
With Ren Feng dead, Mister Ren should be able to lie peaceful once more.
Return to Mister Ren
Return with Ren Feng to Mister Ren's ghost.
Mister Ren wouldn't believe his wife's innocence unless he heard it from her own mouth. Bring her back to him, and help her explain that his death was an accident.
Return to Shen and tell him that Mister Ren lies peacefully once more.
Return to Shen and tell him that Mister Ren's ghost lies peacefully and won't trouble him again. He should give you the reward that he has promised you.
Return to Shen and tell him that Mister Ren has been banished.
The ghost of Mister Ren has been banished for good. Go back to Shen and tell him to collect the reward he promised you.
Return to Shen and tell him that Mister Ren has been banished... and of his wife's untimely death.
Mister Ren has been banished for good, and his annoying wife silenced as well. Mister Ren won't be coming back, and Ren Feng could be safely tossed in a discrete pit somewhere. Return and get your reward from Shen, and hope he doesn't charge you for the extra burial.
The spirit of Mister Ren cannot rest as long as he has sworn vengeance against his wife, Ren Feng, who poisoned and killed him. He says that she lives in the Market District near the entrance to the Black Leopard School.
The operation was successful, and Wen Zhi's daughter has been saved. The operation had complications, but it seems that everything has turned out all right. His daughter seems to be recovering well.
Dr. An's transplant was successful, and Wen Zhi's daughter was saved using the liver her father donated. Dr. An has taken the girl as her student, and the girl is recovering well.
Return the Elder to his Grave
Find the Elder Tanner Fong and return him to his grave in the Necropolis. According to his son, he's *cod6*invaded*cod6* the family home.
Remove the Elder
Stop the Elder Tanner Fong's hauntings of his family home in the Market District.
You spoke to the Younger Tanner Fong, who owns the property now. He wants you to get rid of the corpse of his father as quickly as possible. He'll even give you a reward for its quick disposal.
The Tanners' Problem
Resolve the Elder Tanner Fong's problem.
The Elder Tanner Fong isn't dead! His greedy son buried him while he was in a deep sleep. Now he's believed to be a ghost, and no one will come near him. The only place he has left is his home. He wants you to help him reclaim his life and confront his son.
Exiled
The Elder Tanner Fong has been taken in by Shen and put to work digging graves in the Necropolis. At least he'll have a few more years of productivity before he really does die.
Talk to Younger Tanner Fong
Speak to Younger Tanner Fong about his father's death.
You have eliminated the problem by eliminating Elder Tanner Fong. His son will likely be happy with the news.
With the Elder Tanner Fong no longer disputing his status as deceased, his son happily left you with a reward and then quickly hurried away.
Finish Them
Against foes like these, your victory should be flawless.
Perhaps tired of dealing with the questions of life and death, you've decided to take matters into your own hand.
*cod6*Violence only begets more violence,*cod6* say the philosophers. You dealt with the Fong family problem decisively.
Your followers will occupy the Lotus Assassins while you challenge the Emperor in the throne room.
This weapon does a large amount of damage over time. The Chi cost for Firestorm is high.
These magical projectiles have the uncanny ability to track enemy ships. Each missile uses a very small amount of Chi.
A temporary shield that absorbs and inflicts a moderate amount of damage. The Chi cost for Radiant Aura is moderate.
This weapon produces a powerful shockwave that does moderate damage to all nearby enemy ships. The Chi cost for Tremor is moderate.
This powerful weapon releases a blast that will destroy all nearby enemy ships. The Chi cost for Dragon's Wrath is extremely high.
Go and give the documents to Prefect Jitong. Free Chandler Ling and he will reward you.
On second thought, you have to die.
Talk to Soldier
Soldier won't be happy that General Kao walked away unharmed, but you'll have to tell him before he'll let Qui start the fight.
Soldier was irate that General Kao was allowed to walk away unharmed, but he has informed Qui that he is ready to face you.
This area is forbidden. Only Gao himself is allowed to enter. You must be destroyed!
I am Xianshi, the great elephant demon! Gao's infernal magic summoned me and bound me here to guard this room.
The penalty for all who enter is death. Gao's power compels me.... I must destroy you!
Nor I you, but the power of Gao's magic compels me. He summoned me to this place and bound me to guard this chamber.
The penalty for all who enter is death. I, Xianshi the great elephant demon, must crush you!
You lie, mortal. This place is the domain of Gao. Not even the Lotus Assassins know about it. He did not send you!\n
I will crush you!
What are you?
I have no quarrel with you.
It's Gang's acolyte. The one who dared to kill acolytes under your care, Master Shin.
Uh... it's okay. Gao sent me.
Prepare to die, demon!
Return to me when you have an idea for an appropriate accident. I don't care what it is, as long as there is a corpse for me to gloat over in the end.
No, that's not it. If he disappears, there is no message sent to my enemies. He must be made to look foolish. Find something else. Perhaps in the press room.
To succeed, everything must be in place. The hall cleared of all witnesses, the press operator distracted, and the slave shipment stopped outside in the Necropolis.
When all three of these are completed, Shin will be vulnerable. Killing him in the hall and transporting him to the press was a very good idea.
You need to get all of the witnesses out of the hall. Suspecting he was killed is fine, but if they actually see you doing it, my superiors will have to act.
I examined the extractor. It could kill Shin, but it leaves no corpse.
I have stopped the slave shipment from reaching the fortress.
The press operator has been convinced to leave his station.
I have cleared the hall of witnesses.
I have stopped the slave shipment and the press operator is gone.
I have stopped the slave shipment and the hall is clear of witnesses.
The hall is clear of witnesses and the press operator is gone.
I cleared some of the potential witnesses from the hall.
According to the Rat Demon, there is some sort of powerful essence gem in the ruins of old Tien's Landing. Now you just have to find it.
Find Dragon Powder and Rockets
I saw what you did to Third Brother. If you can beat him, I'm not even going to try to fight you.
I saw your fight with Fourth Brother Yu... not bad, but I think I've figured out your style. Do you want another match?
Simply amazing. I never thought I'd see the day when Third Brother would lose a fight. Even First Brother can't defeat him.
I'll give a fight if you want one, but I won't be able to offer as much of a challenge as Third Brother.
A young girl named Jinlin needs to retrieve an artifact from the tomb of an old emperor. She needs you to clear the tomb of ghosts first.
You tracked down Fading Moon and eliminated her. Her obvious insanity left you very little choice in the matter.
Report to Captain Sen
Captain Sen waits by the city gates in the Market District for you to report your success.
Thanks to you, Fading Moon's fires will never again endanger the citizens of the Imperial City.
I guess the weapons on that flyer were active. That's certainly one way to take care of a door.
Some sort of magic binds this demon. I never expected Gao the Greater to be so powerful.
Didn't really think that through before you started messing with those controls, did you? Those weapons could have killed us!
Instead, you've blown open that massive door. Only you could be that lucky.
I was going to try ramming that door with my head if I got bored. Oh well. Let's see what's inside!
That was exciting! I wonder what's inside?
Are you crazy? The ship nearly killed us when it fell! Not to mention the weapons firing!
Looks like you've managed to *cod6*open*cod6* that door though. [sigh] Now I suppose you're going to want to go in and explore it.
Yes, you were a little blunt in your treatment of the Mold Masters. If you manage to discredit Shin in death, I will try to disguise the loss of such useful Assassins.
[An inactive clay golem. It is likely waiting to be activated after the Jade Golem controller, mentioned by Gang, is completed.]
[There is some movement among the golems stored along the wall. The machine may have kept them in stasis awaiting the Jade Golem controller.]
My name is Merchant Kia Jong, and I don't make a habit of angering... quick-tempered people like you. What can I do for you?
The Mold Masters dismissed me and look what happened to them.
We now exclusively butcher slaves for this purpose. If you are lucky you will be allowed to help in the process.
Damn it all!
Time to pay!
Suffer!
Your life ends here!
Taste death!
You won't walk away!
Death's too good for you.
That's better.
Cursed poisoner!
Hurts, doesn't it?
That was useless!
You stand no chance!
Your life will be pain.
Just give up now.
It'd be easier to lie down and die!
We'll drink to your bones!
Pathetic!
Ahhh.
It's in my blood.
You're barely worth the effort!
Yes, I will go in alone.
No, I am not ready yet.
No, it has to be you! You... you're here, and someone has to help now!
My son was playing there, behind the arena, and he fell into the pits where the creatures are. I can't save him!
They took my boy and said I had to find you and lead you into an ambush or they would kill him.
Let's go save your son.
Let them try their little ambush. I'll kill the scum as fast as they come.
Don't forget his senior student. They say she's the one who fought many of those bandits.
I don't follow the school, which one are you talking about?
How could you miss her? She's the one in purple with the long hair. Must break some hearts with looks like hers.
How could you not know her? She's the one in the red and blue outfit with her hair always done up. I bet the young men she trains with haven't missed her.
What? She's the one in the deep blue outfit with those graceful long sleeves. My wife always yells at me for staring when she walks past!
As strong as she is beautiful, from what I hear.
They say she's as fast as lightning cutting across the sky when she fights.
From what I hear, her chi is stronger than that of any other in the school.
I once heard Master Li say that she was one of the best all-around fighters he'd ever seen, like her style had no real weaknesses. Impressive, that.
Don't forget his senior student. They say he's the one who dealt with many of the bandits.
Wait, which one do you mean? Surely not that arrogant Gao boy?
Oh heavens no! No, he's the tall one with those rippling muscles and that long tail in his hair. Hard to miss, that's for sure.
Don't be silly! He's the one with that marvelous dragon tattoo on his back. He must have quite a few young ladies pining after him by now.
Are you crazed? No, he's the cute one in the blue vest with the yellow sash. Trust me, if you were a young woman in this village you'd know who he was.
Gao? Of course not! No, he's the one in those striking robes with his hair shaved off. He's a handsome devil, that one!
They say he's incredibly strong and can outlast almost anyone in the school.\n
I saw him fight once, and he was quicker than the wind in spring.
I overheard one of the other students say that he could channel his chi like no one else they'd ever seen.
I once heard Master Li say that he was one of most adept students he'd ever seen, as if he had no real weakness while fighting
Dawn Star, there you are. I... I know I haven't spoken to you in a while. I saw him again last night, and I remembered what you said. I wasn't as afraid.
I'm glad, Mrs. Jong.
He seemed... peaceful, if a bit... lost. But I know it's not your fault now. I am sorry for disturbing you, and for what I said before.
Remember Jong Jin, her son? He drowned last year after the mooring she tied let go. A sad accident. I saw his spirit and told her. She thought I was calling up ghosts.
Some spirits return because of trauma, to rectify something that disturbed them in life or death. They are very focused. When the pain is gone, they find rest.
At least, they are supposed to. Jin's spirit told his mother the accident wasn't her fault. Now he wanders, unconnected to this world and unable to pass to the next.
Troubled spirits can be set to rest for a time, but unless the greater problem is corrected, it seems all dead are destined to wander until they go mad.
I'm sorry. This has been difficult. I don't want to think about how it affects... specific people. I'm still not sure I should have told Mrs. Jong about her child.
I don't know. People just want to be left alone with their grief.
I guess blame is easier to understand than chance. Come on, we should go see if the students are all right.
Master Li will be waiting.
She wouldn't. She would rather blame herself than seek solace.
Sometimes I wonder. People can be so shallow.
I'll wait out front with the others if you need me. Be careful, I don't trust this situation at all.
This whole *cod6*alone*cod6* things smells fishier than week-old crab cakes. If something comes up, I'll be waiting outside with the others. Be careful!
This is almost sad. Am I truly so threatening to the mighty Kai Lan the Serpent? Regardless, I'll be waiting with the others if you need me.
Be wary. Kai Lan could either be a strong ally or your worst enemy. If anything goes wrong, I'll be waiting with the others, and not far off.
I don't like that they won't let me come in there with you. Be careful, and call if you need to. I'll wait with the others.
Be sure to come out ahead of whatever deal he offers you. I'll be with the others if you need me.
Suit yourself. I wouldn't keep the Serpent waiting long if I were you, but then, I value the use of my legs.
Heart of Gold
So, would you like to hear about the mission I have for you? Or did you want to have a look at the flyer parts again?
You are back! Would you like to hear about this mission I have for you? Or maybe look at some upgrades for your flyer?
Come on, you louts. You'll be scrubbing the dining room floors for your part in this little altercation.
Damn it! Get her... and don't be gentle!
If you have a grievance with these... fine members of Shin's entourage, I can have nothing to do with it. Nothing.
I warned you not to appear too skilled. This is between you and Shin's Attendants. I just do my job. I want no part of this.
Go on then. Let's see how you fare. We'll need to sluice the blood out of there by the time they manage to destroy those ghosts.
Go on. Join your other useless acolytes in death.
Hrm... so, Gang has an acolyte who can fight.
Ghosts are mindless. I see no real skill in defeating them.
Yes, certainly. Against a real opponent there would be no doubt of the outcome.
Slink back to Master Gang. We answer to Master Shin, and if you are lucky, this is the last time you will see us.
Leave us, acolyte. We serve Master Shin, not your fool master.
So, you are the new trainer. You think you have something to show us? Master Shin has us *test* each of Gang's trainers to make sure they are skilled.
But not too skilled. Am I your next student? I assure you, I am more than capable of defending myself. I was made an Attendant because of my... skills.
Oh, don't worry about me. Worry about yourself. Let's move this fight to the Hall of Induction, so I have room to enjoy this.
Is that so? I would be more concerned about yourself if I were you. Let's move this fight to the Hall of Induction, so I have room to enjoy this.
You think to persuade us to abandon Master Shin and join Gang's pathetic faction? Then you know nothing about how true acolytes are indoctrinated.
Our lives belong to Master Shin. Through his guidance, we will one day ascend to serve Grand Inquisitor Jia and Death's Hand.
Our loyalty is absolute. We are nothing without our duty to Master Shin. Perhaps Gang is more lenient and left your mind untouched, but that is why he is weak.
I'll be waiting.
Ah, you gather the courage to return. Come to teach us something, hmm?
I'm ready for my lesson. If you think you are good enough.
You... you killed Kitan. The life of an acolyte is forfeit when they walk into this place, yes, but for one of Gang's ragged minions to do this is unforgivable.
Do you think you can make such an insult and disguise it as a simple training mishap? You are a fool.
If you are ready, trainer, your next student is waiting. It is my task to make examples of Gang's acolytes who show too much promise.
My skills are above question. Gang is about to lose another of his pitiful acolytes. Come, let's move to the hall, and I will end this.
Master Shin is our guiding light. We serve his glory, and through him, we will come to serve Grand Inquisitor Jia and Death's Hand.
Our loyalty is absolute. You would know this if Gang properly indoctrinated his acolytes, but he does not, so he is weak.
On your own time, trainer. Your cowardice is as much a lesson as whatever will happen to you during our bout.
You force my hand. Come, Attendants, I will fight you all.
Numbers mean nothing, Attendants. I will destroy you all!
Master Gang, will you not assist me?
Acolyte Trainer Guang, will you assist me?
[Lie] I will make certain nothing goes wrong during our bout.
You better be competent. If not, you might have an *accident.*
Perhaps we could come to some sort of arrangement.
I'll come back later when I'm ready to begin.
I am ready. Come, Kai Feng, let us see how skilled you are.
We do not have to fight. We can come to an agreement.
I'll be ready soon enough. You can wait for now.
You can also seek training from Acolyte Trainer Guang. I am sure you are her superior, but she might have something of use to you.
I am sure I can count on you.
Have you not been paying attention? I cannot act directly against Master Shin! If I do, we are all dead. It is that simple.
Acolytes falling to other acolytes is to be expected. It is how the weak are filtered out. My actions would make it a war.
Why didn't you help against Shin's Attendants?
An acolyte of Gang's, hmm? So am I. Let's identify what training you need by sparring for a short time.
Let's keep it non-lethal for now. You'll find you have enough enemies in this place. We acolytes are utterly expendable.
Attendant Kitan, as I said. She is with the rest of Shin's entourage by the doors to the inner chambers.
Your next student has been chosen for you. I did warn you that appearing too strong would put you in danger. Well, beware this next Attendant.
Attendant Kai Feng is waiting for you with his remaining fellows at the doors to the inner chambers. I wish you luck.
As I said, Attendant Kai Feng is waiting for you at the doors to the inner chamber. Be careful.
I have learned a number of techniques.
I showed my ability in the arena, and when I asked, their recruiter agreed. I have only one skill, and this was the best place to exploit it.
Combat. Killing. The army was too strict... the arena too tame. Here, when they want an enemy destroyed, that enemy is destroyed... sometimes family and all.
We are all here for one reason, and that includes you. We are killers, plain and simple. There are no Lotus Assassins with hearts of gold.
Goodbye. If you wish to begin your likely short career as trainer, Attendant Kitan waits with her fellows at the doors to the inner chambers.
Goodbye. Your next, and likely final, training partner is waiting by the inner chamber doors. Attendant Kai Feng. Do not hold back. Good luck.
Goodbye, acolyte.
You! Assist her, if you can even do that.
Greetings, acolyte. I believe I was supposed to be your trainer, but... given the rather remarkable deaths that have occurred, I'm sure you don't need my help.
I still have some training techniques and resources I can share, but we may as well dispense with formality. What do you need?
You are either brave or foolish. I warned you that appearing too strong would make you a target of Shin's Attendants. Actually killing one will incite them further.
I would be very careful if you intend on continuing to train the others. They will not let the death of Kitan go unanswered.
What? That is your plan? I wish you luck, but I'm staying well out of the way. This is going to get really ugly.
I marvel at your ability. You show no fear of the enemies you make. You will do well here.
You have no more acolytes to train for now. Is there anything else you need?
How can I assist you?
Good. Remember, no killing blows. I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to practice those later.
Return when you are. This initial test will tell me what you need to learn. I won't train you without some idea of your capabilities. It's a waste of time.
Are you ready to spar? It's hard to know what you need to learn without seeing what you already know.
What's that? I thought I had found something special, but if that acolyte can't beat a trainer, I'll look elsewhere for a favored student.
Bah! Finish him off. I don't have time for this.
I am sorry. Master's orders.
Bah! Finish her off. I don't have time for this.
Well, you would appear to have more than a passing knowledge of combat. I could almost see some kind of flaw, but I was clearly outclassed.
Yes, you were! I knew this acolyte was something special, but I didn't think my trainer would be made to look like a fool!
You, new-blood, you will be the trainer now. When I am promoted, you will train all my acolytes.
You! Assist him, if you can even do that.
It would seem that you have taken over my duties. I will still serve as an advisor, as Master Gang ordered. There are techniques I can share.
In truth I did not like being a trainer. Life for any of Master Gang's acolytes is rough and short, but especially so for trainers. Master Shin sees to that.
My duties--your duties now--include training Master Shin's personal entourage. In the past, if a trainer was too good, Shin had that trainer killed to keep Gang weak.
I think one member of his entourage is a full Lotus Assassin. I have survived by appearing unimportant, and staying out of the fight between Gang and Shin.
You are supposed to train the Attendants in his entourage. Some need it, but if you seem too skilled, your next fight will be against the hidden Lotus Assassin.
If you're dead set on losing your life down in the lowest tombs, I won't stop you. I won't save you, either.
Besides, it wouldn't weaken Shin for long. I suppose he would be alone and more vulnerable if he had to fight right away, but he will replace them in time.
Accidents happen, and even the attendants in his entourage are just acolytes, and therefore are utterly expendable. There would not be much fuss.
However, you would probably find yourself training the hidden Lotus Assassin in the next bout. Any skilled acolytes under Gang are quickly disposed of.
Are you mad? Well, it doesn't matter, you must train one at a time. If you seem to be too strong a target, I'm sure they will accommodate your death wish.
You are in a hurry to make enemies, aren't you? Very well, Master Shin has a new attendant in his entourage who is supposed to be trained. Attendant Kitan.
She is replacing one of the acolytes who did not return from Tien's Landing. There was no explanation. I assume he was weak and was discarded.
You can find her and all of the other Attendants by the doors to the inner chambers. They wait there for when Shin leaves to inspect new slave shipments.
Very well. Let's spar.
You weren't much of a trainer. I will be far better.
Three more to go and Shin is helpless if called to fight.
I'm not ready to spar with you.
I apologize for taking your position.
I have access to Shin's personal entourage?
Would there be an outcry if one of Shin's entourage died during training?
I want to get rid of all of them. How many can I fight at once?
Who am I supposed to train?
What training services can you provide?
How did you come to join the Assassins?
What ability do you mean?
You and the others were incapacitated. I did what I could.
Look, I didn't mean to say.... Anyway, I meant no offense to anyone, and I'll just leave it at that.
Attendant Kitan
Attendant Kai Feng
Attendant Cohong
Attendant Teng
Acolyte Trainer Guang
Several pages detailing the actions and transactions of the slave traders in the Imperial City. These documents clearly indicate that Chandler Ling is involved with the slave traders.
Forged Slaver Documents
Several pages detailing the actions and transactions of the Slave Traders in the Imperial City. These documents are cleverly doctored to falsely indicate Scholar Songtao's involvement with the Slave Traders.
Silence! Your lives are nothing. It is Gang's insolence that is the real insult.
You thought to make me vulnerable by killing my Attendants and emptying the hall? A miscalculation. I am a favored of Grand Inquisitor Jia! You will die!
And where are the rest of my Attendants? Delays and laziness will be repaid in blood! No one disobeys my orders!
Save your breath. You and your Attendants are dead.
I expected the Water Dragon to appear again.
How much more of this until Dirge is restored?
I can't believe a little blood could do so much.
Enough of this... what's next?
Mechanic Hin Goo has asked you to use your ship, the Marvelous Dragonfly, to help him with his business. The mechanic has upgrades available for your ship, as well.
Accept Hin Goo's First Mission
Speak with Hin Goo and accept his first mission.
After flying Hin Goo's first mission, he now has new upgrades for the Marvelous Dragonfly and another mission for you.
Accept Hin Goo's Second Mission
Speak with Hin Goo and accept his second mission.
After escorting the Prefect, Mechanic Hin Goo has new upgrades for the Marvelous Dragonfly and another mission for you.
Accept Hin Goo's Third Mission
Speak with Hin Goo and accept his third mission.
You have completed all the missions that Mechanic Hin Goo has. He still has upgrades for the Marvelous Dragonfly if you need them.
Meet Jinlin at the Tomb
Go to the Necropolis and find Jinlin at the tomb of the old emperor, which is in the north of the Necropolis.\n
Jinlin has opened the door into the tomb. You must clear the tomb of ghosts and anything dangerous so that Jinlin can get the artifact for Purveyor Shouji.
Clear the Spirits from the Tomb
Destroy all the spirits and enemies within the tomb.
Removing the artifact has caused more enemies to fill the tomb. You must defeat the enemies so you and Jinlin can get out of the tomb alive.
Escape the Tomb
Defeat all the enemies and escape the tomb.
Jinlin has the artifact for Shouji. There was a strange riddle written on the artifact. It reads, *cod6*Conductor, cog, and a bit of iron. Don't play with the tiger.*cod6*
Speak with Zi Bao
Zi Bao, a suspected slave trader, is drinking in the Heart of the Empire Tavern.
Take False Evidence to the Prefect
You have sided with Cao Zeng. You must take the false evidence to Prefect Jitong and get Chandler Ling released.
Take Evidence to the Prefect
You have defeated Cao Zeng and learned more about the slave traders. You must take the evidence to Prefect Jitong and get Scholar Songtao released.
Take False Evidence to Prefect
Take Cao Zeng's false evidence to the prefect in Merchants' Square in the Market District and get Chandler Ling released.
You framed Scholar Songtao, who has likely been sent to the wall. Chandler Ling was released, and he paid you well for your help.
Decided Not to Give Evidence
Prefect Jitong refused to pay as much as you wanted for the evidence. He has decided to find someone else to help him uncover the truth behind the slave traders.
Take Evidence to Prefect Jitong
You must take the evidence about the slave traders to Prefect Jitong in Merchants' Square in the Market District and get Scholar Songtao released.
You discovered that Chandler Ling was indeed behind the slave traders. He will likely be sent to the Wall for his crimes. Scholar Songtao is free.
Master Radiant wants you to defeat each of the brothers to prove that your first fight was more than just luck. Your next opponent is Third Brother Renshan.
Defeat Third Brother Renshan
Third Brother is taking you to see Master Smiling Hawk.
Challenge Third Brother Renshan
Master Smiling Hawk wants you to kill First Brother Kai, but you have refused. Now you must defeat Third Brother Renshan.
Kill First Brother Kai
You have agreed to help Master Smiling Hawk. He wants you to remove First Brother Kai. You must challenge First Brother Kai to a fight and kill him.
Challenge First Brother to a match and kill him.
Master Radiant and First Brother are dead. Master Smiling Hawk has taught you a new style and rewarded you for your help, but, fearing your power, he has asked you to stay away from the Black Leopard School from now on.
Challenge Third Brother to a Fight.
You have defeated Third Brother Renshan. You must next face First Brother Kai in order to prove yourself.
Challenge First Brother Kai
Find First Brother Kai and challenge him.
Kill Master Smiling Hawk
After meeting with Master Radiant, you have decided to help him by killing Master Smiling Hawk.
Speak to Master Smiling Hawk
After meeting with Master Radiant, you have decided to speak with Master Smiling Hawk about the situation at the Black Leopard School.
Go to Master Smiling Hawk's room and kill him.
Master Smiling Hawk is dead, and First Brother Kai is now the sole master of Black Leopard School. You are free to spar with the students or purchase some rare items from First Brother Kai.
Speak with Master Smiling Hawk
Go to Master Smiling Hawk's room and speak with him about the situation at Black Leopard School.
After speaking with Master Smiling Hawk for the second time, you have chosen to aid him by eliminating First Brother Kai and Master Radiant.
Legend
I bring a message from my Master. You have restored one fountain, but the guardian of its seal was weak. The seal for the second fountain is not so easily claimed!
We shall battle in time, mortal spirit... and I shall feast upon your soul! But this is not the time or place.
I am the Minion of Suffering. It was I who devoured the guardian bound to this fountain and claimed the seal for my Master.
Seek me out, traverse the Path of Demons, and you can reclaim the seal... if you dare!
I agree. The demon would not reveal itself without cause.
Wait. Do not rush off foolishly. The demon could be trying to lure you into a trap.\n
It must have a lair around here. If we face it there, its strength will be at its greatest, but we have little choice if we are to recover the seal.
But there may be a way to yet overcome this demon. I know of a gem here in the monastery; a gem of great power. You could use it to help defeat this monster.
You alone understand the full extent of your capabilities. But the gem will augment your strength... you would be foolish to ignore it.
The gem has been kept here in the monastery for many generations, guarded by powerful spells that keep evil at bay. The spells persisted even after Dirge fell.
The demon seeks to lure us to its lair, but it may also be trying to lure us away from the gem. We must go through the opposite arch if you wish to claim the gem.
You are the last Spirit Monk; the wards will not keep you from the gem. But take care; its power will be like a beacon, drawing all manner of dark spirits near.
Auspicious Portents
Perhaps it is just as well. The power of the gem must glow like a beacon here in Dirge. All manner of foul ghosts and spirits would be drawn to it.
Battling through such creatures may be just as difficult as facing the demon. In any case, the choice is yours.
You cannot join this battle. Your destiny lies in the temple at the top of the stairs!
Did you destroy this fountain's guardian?
Well, this is obviously a trap.
Quick, let's go after him!
Would the gem still be here after all these years?
Where can I find this gem?
I don't need any help to defeat a demon!
What about these spells protecting it?
*cod2*Understanding the stars and the universe is a very important goal. By examining the universe, we can interpret and predict things to come. The sky is where the Great Dragon was said to dwell, and in his illustrious home we can see the signs of his effects on creation.*cod2**cod2*Of the observable phenomena, three major ones are the most auspicious: comets, the flames of the heavens, passing across the sky; eclipses, during which the power of the gods blocks the sun for brief periods; and falling stars, marking the descent of one of the Celestial Bureaucracy to the earth.
Fine. Let's go get the gem.
I can take care of this demon. Nothing can stop me.
He has no name. He is a being from neither the mortal world nor the spirit realm. He is darkness; he is suffering; he is sorrow and despair. He is evil incarnate.
I do not fear you, for the power of my master flows through me. I enforce his will, for all must bow down to him, in time.
Who is your master?
I will cleanse Dirge of this taint!
Give me the seal or I will destroy you.
My minion is destroyed; the second seal is yours. But even that will not avail you.
I have feasted too long to fall to you. Too many souls, too many spirits. The pain and misery of their slaughter sustains me.
For twenty years, I have lingered in the shadows, growing stronger. The corruption of Dirge feeds me. It gives me power.
I am darkness. I am all that is unholy, all that you fear and loathe. I await you in the temple. There, you will understand my true nature and despair.
In all my long years of study... in all my life, I have never heard of a being of such malevolent evil as this.
I knew spirits and demons would overrun Dirge after the Emperor defiled it, but the corruption is far greater than I ever feared... and worse is yet to come!
The temple itself is the center of Dirge's corruption. The taint is at its strongest there. I shudder to think what unknown evil might await us inside.
The Water Dragon has faith in you, and I see you have faith in yourself. I must believe such faith is justified. In any case, we have found the seal.
We should return to the fountain by the courtyard gates. Restore it with the seal you took from the demon and the gates to the temple courtyard should open.
I will cleanse Dirge of this evil!
I killed your minion, and I can kill you!
Whatever it is, I will defeat it!
At least we have the seal now.
You might be afraid of what's ahead, but I'm not.
What am I going to do? I'm ruined.
Poor Chang. If only I hadn't sent him on such a dangerous mission... he'd still be alive.
This can't be happening. My business is finished... I'm finished.
I can't sell upgrades if I can't find supplies. I'm ruined... finished.
For twenty years, I have sought to pass the wards protecting this gem. Its power calls out to me, yet the magic guarding this prize has kept me at bay. None can pass.
You bear the mark of the Water Dragon! You can pass through the wards... as will I, once I have devoured your spirit!
The gem is mine by right. I can pass.
I serve my owner without hesitation. I have no taste for the lash.
I should not speak with you. I have no desire to incur my owner's wrath.
I do what I must. I cannot complain.
I serve as I am directed. I have no other option.
I used to be a free man, but that seems like a long time ago.
My owner is kind enough, but he still calls me *cod6*property.*cod6* He has my obedience, but nothing else.
I don't have time to talk to new recruits. Don't waste my time.
Scum like you crawls out of the gutter every few minutes. Go away, trash.
I suppose having your nose in Master Gang's backside is one way to get ahead.
If Master Gang hadn't shown you such favoritism, you wouldn't have gotten anywhere.
Ha, Shin was wasteful. Without him around, someone more... deserving can move up.
The way is open for my ascension now. Master Shin won't be able to keep me back anymore.
With all the masters gone, there's no limits to how far I can rise... or the methods with which I can deal with my opponents.
The masters conspired to keep us in our place, but my place is above them all!
I will easily surpass the petty efforts you've put forth. I only need time.
You may have the ear of the masters for now, but soon it will be me they favor.
If the masters favored me like they do you, I would be even higher!
You can't expect to prove your ability when you're coddled by the masters all the time.
With the death of Master Shin, there is a lot of room for advancement now.
Someone who can stir things up as well as you is someone to keep an eye on.
There is no limit to how high I can climb with the masters gone. You have served a useful purpose.
I never liked Shin or Gang very much. They always spoke down to me. You did good work in setting this up.
I have been separated to reflect on my devotion.
There is nothing in this life except my service to Death's Hand.
Those who do not serve are useless trash.
I would give anything to be able to serve.
I am devoted to Death's Hand alone.
If permitted to serve, I would give my life as a Lotus Assassin.
I have no time for you, acolyte. I focus every thought on the Emperor's glorious golem army.
You are beneath me. Go, or risk being used as golem fodder.
You have proven to be more than I thought. Shin was no fool.
Did luck lead you to defeat Shin? New recruits are rarely so able to manipulate the masters.
You have proven yourself a cunning individual. That must be nurtured... or destroyed.
Gang and Shin let their ambition cloud their minds. It will not happen to me.
Keep bothering me and you won't survive being an acolyte. Your spirit could power a golem as well as any slave.
Lotus Assassins are far superior to you acolytes. We are trusted followers of the will of the Emperor, and will lead his golem army.
Shin's death has forced me to notice you. You just might survive to truly serve.
To be a Lotus Assassin is to serve Death's Hand. Shin has proven unworthy, as have many before him.
Shin and Gang were both idiots. The talent you have shown should not be wasted on such petty machinations.
The promise you hold should not be wasted. No matter the rank we claim, we are still under Death's Hand.
Return to your duties, acolyte. If you are not working to increase the Emperor's glorious golem army, you are a waste of our resources.
If you survive your training, then you can speak to me. Idle chatter will not delay production of the golems.
You seem more clever than I first thought. Of course, Shin was a fool.
I'll be watching you from now on. You've shown promise.
New acolytes rarely impress me. You'll be one to watch in the future.
Your have great promise, but not all of us are as easily distracted as Gang and Shin.
Speak With Lady Rento
Lady Rento said she would be in the Imperial Arena if anyone needed to question her about Creative Yukong.
You spoke with Lady Rento and learned that Yukong isn't actually much of a confidence man. He asked her to sponsor him as an actor. She suggested that he might be hiding in the Scholars' Garden.
Track Down Creative Yukong
Creative Yukong could be disguised as anyone in the city, but he might give himself away by seeming out of place.
You found the somewhat miserable Yukong posing as a scholar in the Scholars' Garden. All that remains is deciding what to do with him.
According to Lady Rento, Creative Yukong is likely to be hiding in the Scholars' Garden.
Eliminate Yukong
Creative Yukong has a bounty on his head. Eliminating him would enable you to collect that silver.
You tracked Creative Yukong down to the Scholars' Garden and eliminated him, satisfying the conditions of the bounty.
Aid Yukong's Escape
Yukong seems a bit hapless and only wants to leave the city. There may be some way to help him.
You agreed to help Creative Yukong out of the city instead of collecting his bounty. Now you just have to get him past Captain Sen.
Collect Yukong's Bounty
Captain Sen will be glad to hear that you have dealt with Creative Yukong. Your reward waits near the gates in the Market District.
Captain Sen rewarded you for eliminating the notorious confidence man, Creative Yukong.
Allow Yukong to Escape
After several false starts, Creative Yukong finally managed to make his way out of the city. He should be safe now that he is away from the wrath of Lord Rento.
Turn In Creative Yukong
You turned in Creative Yukong after Captain Sen offered to up his bounty for more information. The bounty collected, your task is complete.
I doubt there are two people in the Empire that know *how* they work. It's a baffling combination of magic and artifice.
We may be able to do it among the three of us. I was told that they are simple to control.
But do not fear. You will be spared this fate... for I will rend your spirit into nothingness!
What's this? Another spirit drawn to this place? Another ghost seeking to claim the power of the gem? Your quest will end in failure... as did mine.
You are bold. Do you not know my power? I could snuff out your existence like a flame. But wait! There is something different about you.
The wards protect against evil... but I can pass.
Out of my sight, spirit.
Uhkir sitakawuwir wosair yoof, praawun!
I did my research, acolyte. It is not as difficult as it seems. Some seem quite... eager to serve. Golems think nothing.
No, no, this isn't right! Destroy them!
You... you saw nothing of this. Nothing! I... I have to continue my research before Jia knows of my failure. I know it can work.
What preparations have you made?
Are you sure this is wise?
It looks like we have everything we need to get our flyer going again. We have to hurry if want to rescue Master Li.
We should head back to our camp at Tien's Landing and use the Dragonfly so we can continue on to the Imperial City.
You've done well, so far. You seem to have everything you need to get that Dragonfly up into the skies again. But this quest is far from over.
Let's go back to the camp at Tien's Landing. The Dragonfly can take us to the Imperial City. That's where the Lotus Assassin must have taken your master.
It appears you have gathered everything you need to get the Marvelous Dragonfly airborne again; I guess this mission has been a success.
Let's get back to the camp at Tien's Landing. With the Dragonfly, we can continue on to the Imperial City and resume the search for your master.
Chai Ka: Your task here is done, but your greater goal is far from finished. We should go back to the camp at Tien's Landing.
Chai Ka: The Dragonfly can soar through the skies like a bird. Use it to journey to the Imperial City and the next stage of your quest.
Well, it seems you have everything you need to get your flying machine airborne again. I guess there's no reason to stay around here.
Why don't we go back to the camp at Tien's Landing and use that Dragonfly to head on to the Imperial City?
Looks like you've smashed all your enemies around here. We need to find someone else to fight!
Let's go back to your camp at Tien's Landing. Use that flying machine to go to the Imperial City... they have plenty of wine, and plenty of fighting.
Don't worry, Songtao. I'm doing everything I can to prove you're innocent.
I know you did it, Ling. It's just a matter of proving it to the minister.
Why would the governor want to accuse you of doing this, Songtao?
I'm sorry... I'm not being very clear. Lately I've just been so... frustrated.
Just a little silver? Forget it, I'm leaving.
You have defeated Aishi the Mournful Blade. The old man who informed you she was at the Black Leopard School said she had a considerable bounty on her head.
Help Aishi
After hearing her out, you have decided to aid Aishi the Mournful blade by taking her to see Captain Sen by the city gates.
Collect Aishi's Bounty
Captain Sen by the city gates in the Market District handles bounties, and he will likely have a bounty for Aishi the Mournful Blade.
You have collected Aishi the Mournful Blade's bounty and put an end to her long history of crime and murder.
Deal with Aishi the Mournful Blade
Aishi the Mournful Blade has warned you to be ready before you speak with her.
Track Down the Mournful Blade
According to the elderly informant, Aishi the Mournful Blade is in the Black Leopard School, which lies off the Market District.
Following the lead of an old man, you tracked Aishi the Mournful Blade to the Black Leopard School. She seemed reluctant to talk, and the dead body on the ground beside her suggests that she is serious in saying you should be ready before you speak with her.
Scholar Dongow is in the Scholars' Garden. Talk to him to catch the attention of the Inquisitor Recruiter.
Make you goo!
It seems I don't have any silver to wager.
And my pants! I'm out of here before something happens to me; you're bad news!
The Guardian says... well, he'd like to talk to you.
Chai Ka: This is heaven... or a piece of it. Each of the powers that dwell here makes its own realm, floating in the air. I am unfamiliar with this one.
Chai Ka: It seems that there is a foreign presence here, something intruding on this domain. Caution would be advisable.
Ya Zhen: Cold, efficient. It's easiest to take the direct route, sometimes.
This makes me feel dirty. Was this the only way it had to happen?
All in a days work. I think we should go get a drink. For mourning, you understand.
What do you mean it's not your problem?
You should take responsibility for your actions.
Ya Zhen: Thorough indeed, aren't you?
Well, that wasn't my first choice, but...
You're an odious little man, you know that?
Hm... this seems very familiar to me. I'd best not mention it to my wife!
And *I* need some compensation for this too! Dead people are so dry... nothing to drink around here at all!
You didn't have to do that!
And what was the point of this?
He may have stolen from graves and been a horrible little man, but did he really need to die like this?
Good can come from any man. His choice saved him.
Chai Ka: He has been given peace through his selflessness. Perhaps in his next life, his spirit will make a better person.
His daughter deserved this second chance. He loved her dearly indeed.
His daughter was saved by the doctor's skill. Touching, but not particularly relevant. If it takes so much to save one girl, it cannot be practical.
Chai Ka: This man's sacrifice saved his daughter. The heavens look well upon sacrifices like that. In his next life, perhaps he will be a better person.
Lotus Assassin Sorcerer
Good fight!
I'm willing to bet that wasn't easy to negotiate. Why don't I give you the normal price for your trouble?
How ever did you manage that? Must have been quite a feat. Why don't I give you the real value of the ingredients for your hard work.
It would have been twenty five silver, but Fen Do gave me a deal.
I persuaded Fen Do to reduce the price from fifty silver.
A small stone token from the grave of the Old Master, acquired after a humble tribute of silver. Made of simple granite, and thus essentially valueless, the token is in the shape of a lion's head.
If your friend is in danger, we should not waste time talking.
We will talk another time. You should return to your village. What Gao said was very troubling.
We can chat some other time. We should determine if the ones who ordered this are still here.
For all that he sees, he is blind if you know where the right shadows are. As for why I have come... I will decide that when I see how you react to this place.
You can't match me!
My peace is your end!
I, however, will not be leaving.
I had no guarantee, but I had to be sure before I... go. Now that you have disrupted Zeng Sai's spirit, you can take his body from his grave and use it in the extractor.
Why did you come here? How did you get past the Watcher?
You lack focus!
What guarantee did you have that would work?
I have never faced him, but I know of no one living who has. A dark energy sustains him. That is the armor of a man who has no remorse, no pity.
Who is this, another new acolyte? We'll make sure you know your place.
XP To Next: *cod4*/*cod4*
Incisive Chorus' Original Script
The original script for your scene as Lady Fourteen Flowers. In this version of the play, your character explains that the end of the Jade Empire's expansion occurred because Sagacious Tien listened to the will of the heavens. The theme of the heavens reaching out to the Emperor is explored at least twice, and it contains the historically accepted truth that the northern border of the Jade Empire was traced by a shooting star. There will likely be a book and scroll stand near the stage where you can study your part in more detail.
Edited Script
A script for your scene as Lady Fourteen Flowers in Incisive Chorus' play. This version of the script has been edited from the original text so that two of the lines satirize the Lotus Assassins by referring to them as *cod6*flower guardians.*cod6* There will likely be a book and scroll stand near the stage where you can study your part in more detail.
For a short time your flyer is invisible to your enemies. Enemies and their weapons pass through you. The Chi cost for Mirage is moderate.
You will fall now!
You will be crushed!
Your weakness ends in death!
My body is healed.
My body... is weakened.
My strength prevails!
Your weakness disgusts me!
An animal deserves to die!
Suffer more!
Meet righteous death!
You provoke me no further!
Inner strength triumphs!
Focus!
My body needs healing.
CloudThunder
ButterflySwords
CrescentBlades
CrimsonTears
DarkStar
DivineVoid
DoubleHammers
DoubleSabers
DragonSword
DragonEyes
DrunkenMaster
HeavenlyWave
HeavensFlame
HiddenFist
IceShard
LeapingTiger
Lightning
Mantis
MonkeysPaw
Rings
ShiftingSand
ShiningDeath
ShootingStar
SunMoon
ThiefSouls
TiensJustice
WhiteDemon
ZaosWrath
DoubleAxes
DemonForm
IronPalm
LegendFist
Paralyze
StormDragon
StormSaber
ThousandCuts
SpiritThief
DireFlame
VengefulThorn
JadeImmortal
FangVenom
DemonRain
EdgesDestiny
SpiritThunder
SilverMoon
I am restored.
I can feel pain... inside me.
And so it ends!
A pathetic opponent!
Bow down to me!
Your pain gives me pleasure!
Honor triumphs!
I fight with my heart!
I fight with mercy!
I need healing.
My style is not working.
Return to the heavens!
Do not resist!
You cannot defeat my spirit!
Your time has come!
You have corrupted my body.
I am undefeatable!
You die with nothing!
Your spirit is worthless!
Your pain feeds me!
Tranquility prevails!
I honor your memory.
Harmony must be preserved!
I must try something else.
You lack grace.
Meet your end!
Die with honor!
Your technique is flawed.
Death will be your release.
My blood... it burns.
You are pathetic!
Die like a dog!
You will suffer!
Evil meet your maker!
You chose this battle!
Honor prevails!
I nead healing.
I must try a different technique.
I am perfection!
You cannot compare!
My style is masterful!
You will fall here!
This is your downfall!
You are finished!
I have been healed.
My body is... corrupted.
A flawless strike!
Your efforts are nothing!
You must suffer more!
This battle ends now!
My humility prevails!
By my honor, victory!
My attacks aren't working.
You aren't equal to me!
I will never submit!
Die quietly!
I am a master!
You'll never win!
That's much better.
You've hurt my body...
This is all you are!
Your pain brings me joy!
Cower in fear!
Scream for me!
Righteousness always prevails!
I fight by your choice!
My honor will never die!
I'll have to try harder.
You won't see me coming!
You can't keep up!
This is the end!
I'm too much for you!
You're too slow!
I'm healed.
You've... weakened me.
Hwaaaah! (stereotyped bruce lee finishing yell; if not, then *cod6*Lightning strikes twice!*cod6*)
Pathetic speed!
Death becomes you!
I love your suffering!
My fist is my honor!
Retribution is swift!
Like lightning!
Your efforts are futile.
Why must we wait here?
There is nothing more to be done?
The Water Dragon's will must be done.
My energy wanes... I cannot last.
I can't hurt this one.
I will not bow!
I'll not fall here!
My training will not fail!
With honor!
This must end now!
With skill!
We will previal!
Destiny demands victory!
You... must fall!
Suffer as you should!
I am thankfully restored.
A sickness... or poison?
Skill will decide this fight!
You'll have to do better than that.
We should not squander our time.
I wish we could take our time, but so much calls us forward.
I miss the quiet times, but we must keep moving.
My... my wounds are getting worse.
I am death!
My Master's will be done.
I am unstoppable!
Doom!
Nothing will stop me!
[Evil Laughter]
Suffer forever.
My body is restored.
Poison will not stop me.
I am Death's Hand!
You cannot harm me!
Why must we delay?
Time does not wait for us.
I have infinite patience.
My body... begins to fail.
Great! Now what?!
Here's more wine!
More wine coming!
Get the wine!
Get away from me you beast!
Help! Help me!
Ahh! Help me!
Just keep them off me.
Aha! Take that!
Die, die, die!
Ow!, my hand!
Ahh! Much better.
Something... inside me!
Take that you brute!
Ha, ha! Not so easy is it.
This is about as much fun as watching yeast rise. Let's go!
Baking buns is boring work, but it's more fun than this.
Perhaps we should get moving again, before my legs cramp up.
I need healing!
No effect? I'll come back bigger!
Welts for everyone!
I'll brain you with a wrench!
Spanner style! To the bolts!
I'll twist your locknuts!
Pieces to bits!
Incoming!
Cover your ears. Friendly warning.
I leave craters!
Ah, the stiches are tight and ready to go.
A dirty fight... poison in the wound.
A hit so hard your ancestors foretold it!
Haha! I am elusive!
Get going or I'll build you a reason to run.
Idle hands can't get the ox in the catapult, as they say.
How about I build some machines to stand around waiting, so we can actually go do something?
My blood is improvising.
Grrr! My attacks do nothing.
You will be fun.
You are no match for me!
I cannot lose.
Fall before me!
You will kneel!
For the good of the Empire!
You are a disgrace!
I will enjoy this.
First you will suffer.
I am sickened. Poison.
Did that hurt? Good.
Your attacks are nothing.
This waiting grows tedious.
It is foolish to sit and wait for an enemy to find us.
I grow bored.
I need my wounds treated.
I didn't hurt you?
Now you fall!
That's all you've got?
Too slow!
Enough of this!
I'll bring you down!
Say goodbye!
You have to be stopped.
This ends here.
Taste my blades!
Vengeance!
That's more like it.
That stings!
You'll feel *that*!
Tough luck!
Shouldn't we do something?
They say time flies on silver wings.
If we're going to be here long, should I get my dice?
I don't know how much more I can take....
Th... thank you. I feel better now.
My body... doesn't feel so good.
The Guardian says we shouldn't stand around so much.
Don't we have something to do?
Ooo! Pretty!
I'm... I'm hurting...
Oh? You resist my blow?
Tremble in fear!
You're meat!
Come to my darkness.
Come, power!
Such a pathetic existence.
Your life ends!
I cherish your pain!
My flesh regenerates!
Ah, you have infected my body.
Rend you limb from limb!
It is foolish to resist!
Why must we wait needlessly?
Standing around is not the path to power...
Scream for me, little girl. *Wild Flower screams*
I am... being beaten?! I cannot!
I cannot harm this one.
This was your last mistake.
This is my fate.
You fall!
It has come to this!
No more!
Flee or suffer!
You know nothing.
My blood... infected?
*This* is how it ends!
You can't hurt me like that!
A wise man does not wait for his fate.
Seize what time you have. Act.
Should we be delaying here?
I can't help much longer.
I'll be lucky if I ever attain the rank I had before you came along, but I have a plan that just might get me there.
That's it! I'm through wasting pleasantries with you! Now get out and leave me alone!
So you don't really know.
If you actually cared about the safety of this machine, you wouldn't be about to fly it into a swarm of enemies. What guarantee do you want?
There is a handle attached to something like the reins of an ox yoke. You move it left and right, forward and back. It should swim through the air fairly smoothly.
Will you come to help us, Zu? You seem to have a good heart.
If... you are intent on returning, I will accompany you. I have already done more than I wanted, but I could not avoid this forever.
You are an interesting person, Sagacious Zu. Your eyes hold a great sadness that is oddly familiar to me, but I don't know why.
Perhaps I am imagining it. We will discuss it another time. I hope we are not too late.
Agreed. There are greater things to worry about. I hope we are not too late.
I've seen this kind of attack before. The tools used are different, but it's the same kind of destruction.
I guess so. I heard Gao ordering them to kill anyone who approached. It's too bad so many people had to suffer for this.
You're weren't always so cold. I guess it helped you here. I heard Gao tell his men to attack anyone who approached.
Thank you for coming to my rescue. I'm not sure why Gao thought he would get away with this.
He had to know that someone in the village would come for me... although I suspected it would be you.
I am grateful. Your friendship has always been a comfort to me. Maybe that was what made Gao so jealous? I don't know.
There you are. I thought you might need some help with Gao, but it appears I was wrong.
And who is this? I must thank your new acquaintance for his help as well.
Sagacious Zu. You don't owe me anything. I just helped your young friend through the swamp.
Sagacious Zu... Well, I am grateful. I don't know what Gao meant by saying he was doing me a favor. How could dragging me here be beneficial?
And don't you let that Merchant Fen Do talk you into the cheap stuff! He might make a few extra silvers, but your friend's health isn't worth his profit margins.
He earned his fate, I guess, but I wonder what led him to that. Master Li tried so hard to reach him.
Gao just seemed to get more and more bitter. He didn't respond well to discipline. It's too bad.
Yes, I want to get back to Two Rivers as soon as possible.
Don't be long. I don't want to stay here a moment longer than I have to.
I will wait by Gao's flyer. He can't object now.
Agreed. I want Master Li to know that we are both safe. It's too bad, though; he wanted to reach Gao. I'm sure of it.
That's very cold of you, but I suppose he deserved what he got. It's sad, really. Master Li tried so hard to reach him.
Well, I am grateful I have you as a friend. I've always respected your strength. I'm surprised Gao didn't have an interest in you, instead of me.
Not that I'd wish that on you. He was such a fool.
Oh. Well, your loyalty to... us is very welcome. You wouldn't want this mess with Gao to disrupt our lessons.
Is that what this was? I'm sorry for inconveniencing you. I'll make sure someone else is available the next time I get kidnapped.
There you are. I thought you might need assistance, but it seems you are done.
Does this friend of yours share your lack of concern? Perhaps this is a chore for him, as well?
I am Sagacious Zu. I am glad to see you are well.
Sagacious Zu... well, I am grateful to *you,* at least. I have no idea why Gao felt dragging me through the swamp would be beneficial.
No... this can't be.
It is what I expected. I am sorry you had to see this.
I saw the smoke from the air, but I didn't think... didn't think it would be so bad. Everyone... everyone is gone.
*cod15**cod158*
I hope you are right. Master Li wouldn't let this happen. Not without a fight.
Do what you can together. We will meet in the heart of your school.
Guide Zu to the heart of the school. We will meet there.
Everyone, do what you can. We will meet in the heart of the school.
Look around! What are we doing here if we can't save anyone? We have to find Master Li. He wouldn't let this happen. Not without a fight.
This wrinkled sheet of paper is filled with diagrams doodled in the corners and along the margins. The majority of the page, however, is taken up by the following text: *cod2**cod2**cod6*The dual eyes of fire can fuel greatness, but only if all save the conductor work together with the dragon.*cod6* *cod2**cod2*There seems to be little else of interest on the page, except for a doodled picture of a dolphin with some sort of contraption attached to its head and a note underneath that reads, *cod6*No! Sharks!*cod6*
The school... burning. Every spring I planted flowers... one for each student. Now everything, everyone is gone. Don't let it be true.
*cod15**cod159*
*cod15**cod160*
I fear your school is burning, as expected. This is what happens when home turns to battlefield. Let's hope the flames leave you more than just troubled memories.
*cod15**cod161*
There were so many... everywhere. And fire from the skies.
Shhh. We've chased off all of Gao's men. You'll be safe now.
No! They came later....
First there were fighters in black... with fists you could hardly see. She told them where to attack, and they turned like... like one mind... one purpose.
Except... except for the one. He stood alone. His armor... so black. Black like a hole in the earth... so deep you can't... can't get out.
You'll be all right. Just be still.
I tried... I tried so hard. I'm sorry.
Woo said... he said that there was no warning. Just calm skies and then fire from above. He organized the students, but they were overrun.
Master Li was taken when it began. He went without a fight, giving them what they wanted, but afterwards the students... they were killed anyway.
They leave no one alive.
The Lotus Assassins; they leave no one alive to tell the tale. People fear the unknown. For Gao the Greater to have them as allies is troubling.
The figure your friend spoke of is Death's Hand, the leader of the Lotus Assassins. This... student was strong to live as long as he did.
The Lotus Assassins answer to Death's Hand alone. He would not appear unless this was important. He usually acts behind the scenes.
I don't know why they were so intent on taking your Master Li, but they never attack without purpose.
That's... not possible. Sun Li the Glorious Strategist was the Emperor's brother and the head of the Imperial Army. Your Master Li cannot be him.
Because he can't! Sun Li was declared a traitor to the Empire twenty years ago. The Emperor himself accused him of killing the third brother, Prince Kin.
And besides, the Glorious Strategist would not have made such mistakes.
What mistakes?
Revealing himself, for one. For another, he would have known that giving himself up would not save your students.\n
The Glorious Strategist would know his enemy, and if anything is true about Lotus Assassins, it's that they don't leave survivors. I should know.
I... I was one.
If you will not be dissuaded, we should go to the Imperial City in the Mosquito flyer. Gao the Greater has... powerful contacts. You may find a path to him there.
It doesn't matter.
No, he is right to question me. I am accustomed to such suspicion.
It doesn't matter! Whoever you are, whatever you were, you did not do this, and you do not have our master!
We need... we need to decide what to do. When we know where we are going, when we have a plan, then we can talk about who knows what.
I doubt I could change your resolve even if I wanted to. Perhaps I can at least try to point you in a productive direction.
If you wish to pursue this, we should head to the heart of the Empire, the Imperial City.
Gao the Greater was behind this attack, but I suspect there is someone else behind him. You will find your answers in the Imperial City.
You know a lot. We will have to talk about the source of that knowledge.
Make whatever judgment you wish. I assure you, I have already made worse.
Let's go. I don't... I don't want to be here. I want to go where I can actually make a difference.
That is... a very common desire. The hardest to achieve, but very common. Come, let's see if we can get Gao the Lesser's contraption in the air again.
It won't be stable enough to get to the Imperial City, but we might reach the trading village of Tien's Landing. All trade routes lead to the heart of the Empire.
If we are lucky we can find someone to give us passage. If we're lucky.
He may have old enemies, too. I suspect our true adversary is someone even more powerful than Gao the Greater.
I don't know anything about that, but I suppose I can try to point you in a productive direction.
But she is right to question me. I am accustomed to such suspicion.
I know enough about the Glorious Strategist to say he wouldn't make that mistake. And I know... far too much about the Lotus Assassins.
Gao raved about a lot of things, like hearing Master Li tell you that he was the Glorious Strategist. What does it mean?
I don't know if this is about you. What did Gao say... that he had overheard Master Li tell you he was the Glorious Strategist? What does that mean?
Perhaps Gao the Greater is taking advantage of some larger action. The Lotus Assassins answer to Death's Hand alone. He would not appear unless this was important.
A lieutenant, perhaps? Death's Hand leads all others. He would not appear unless this was important. He usually acts behind the scenes.
A devastating attack that drains Health from your enemies and transfers it to you. The Chi cost for Consume Spirit is high.
This weapon will do a moderate amount of damage over time. The Chi cost for Cloudburst is small.
This will cause all of your enemies to slow down time for a brief period. The Chi cost for Reverse Tides is moderate.
This advanced shield will not only protect your ship, but it will cause significant damage to any enemies unfortunate enough to collide with it. The Chi cost for Spirit's Calling is high.
That was quite the crash! I wouldn't have left the marsh had I known we were headed for such a spectacular landing.
It's a miracle we all survived unharmed. Uh... we did all survive, didn't we?
I'm okay, too. A little shaken up, is all.
We were lucky. Only a fool braves the air currents without a proper wind map. You can't navigate the skies without them. Not safely, anyway.
We weren't traveling far. I thought we could reach Tien's Landing safely without one. Obviously I was wrong.
So where are we going to find a wind map of this region? We can't follow Master Li's captors without one.
Things are even worse than that. Look at our flyer. Even if we had a wind map, this thing wouldn't take to the air again.
Ha! You make it sound so simple. Flyers and wind maps are rare things, even in the Imperial City. Out here they're all but unknown.
Not to further darken your mood, but flyers and wind maps are rare even in the Imperial City. Out here, they're all but unknown.
Gao and his pirates used flyers to attack Two Rivers, and the Lotus Assassins who took Master Li had them, too. Somebody around here must know something about them!
I'm... I'm sorry to get upset, but every second we're stuck here, Master Li gets farther away from us.
We're near Tien's Landing. It's a small village, but maybe someone there knows where we can find a new flyer. If nothing else, I remember a clearing suitable for a camp.
And if we can't find a flyer, we can always follow on foot. To the south of the village is a forest. A trade route leads through it to the Imperial City.
The village is across the bridge and beyond a large marker stone. Look for the giant rock with a painting of a fish on it, and you'll know you're heading in the right direction.
Very well, although I do not like the thought of remaining here for long. I sense something. This place... is tainted. Something bad happened here.
Yes, we crashed our flyer and almost died!
No, it's something else. I'm... I'm sure it's nothing. Hurry, there has to be a safer place for us to camp than this.
Very well. I'll wait here for now. It's not so different from the marsh, actually. More of an impending sense of doom, but that could just be your influence.
We should get going. There has to be a better place for us to rest than this. Let's go.
Hopeless is a grim word. I wouldn't say things are hopeless. Not completely.
The people of Tien's Landing owe you a great debt. You saved their town... Master Li would be proud of you, as am I.
Now we have everything we need to follow Master Li's captors to the Imperial City. I am eager to do so, after all the resistance we have encountered.
If you could spare some time, could we talk about what we have seen?
I have concerns as well. Hui convinced me that your master is the Glorious Strategist. Tell me, Dawn Star, what are your earliest memories with him?
You would be better served by asking his favored student. He was at the school three years before I was.
We'll focus on you quite a bit by the time we are done, given the Spirit Monk connection, but I asked Dawn Star what *she* remembers.
The only thing I know about my life before coming to the school is that I was not wanted. Probably because of the bad omens I was born under.
Bad omens? What makes you think that? You said you don't know anything.
I know because of my name. It's one of the few details Master Li was told. I was named for a red glow opposite the morning sun. Like a distant... a distant fire.
Yes... I guess so. I wasn't there, of course. No one but you survived. I guess someone saw it, but I don't know where Dirge is or how far the fire was visible.
No, no one besides you has a claim to surviving the Dirge attack. Don't worry, you are safe on your pedestal.
It fits the time, but that just confirms my thoughts about being born under a bad omen. What could be worse than this attack on Dirge and the Water Dragon?
If that is the most troubling thing you learn about your birth, consider yourself lucky.
I am merely trying to make sense of the jumble you have made of my world. I meant nothing and certainly didn't mean to upset Dawn Star.
Forget I said anything. I shouldn't have interrupted; you were talking to Dawn Star, not me. I'll let you two get back to your conversation.
Your question would be better directed at his favored student. She was at the school for three years before I arrived.
I am glad to be out of the ruins. There is so much death there... so much unrest. I worry for Master Li after seeing what people are capable of.
The forest was a disturbing place. Such destruction; it was horrible, even if it was mostly unseen.
This new flyer seems nicer than the one we took from Gao the Lesser, although I'm really only judging by how shiny it is. A poor guess, I'm sure.
No, no, the Marvelous Dragonfly is superior to the Amber Mosquitoes I foisted on Gao. And, actually, the shinier the better. The heavens like their glory reflected.
A shame I can't leave it on the ground for all to see, but I'm not going through all this just to have it stripped to the frame by local brats. I'll call it back if we need it.
Well, it's much like the dilemma of the centipede. If he relaxes and lets things happen, he can walk naturally all day long, his hundred legs not missing a step.
But, if he thinks too hard about the complexity of what he's doing, those legs might crash into the teahouse and kill everyone. A valuable lesson.
I will return it whenever you wish to make use of it, don't worry. It is just simpler to have it out of the way when not in use.
Our new companion is... strange. I sense the power of the demon inside the little girl, but I also sense nobility and honor. I'm glad they travel with us now.
Well, this has already become an educational trip. From what you discussed with Hui, it would seem we are indeed tied to important events.
You should get going to Tien's Landing. Zu said it was through a bridge and to the south.
Is there anything you need? I'll do whatever I can to help.
I'm just as anxious as you to rescue Master Li.
I will answer what I can.
I'm not sure I can make my concerns fully understood. Our time in the ruins, the creatures we encountered... so much unrest.
This was different from what I have seen before. There is pain here, but hatred, too. The spirits around Two Rivers seemed aimless... lost. These are focused.
I feel they would linger here, even without the support of whatever has increased the ghosts elsewhere.
I suppose that is true. Left behind by their neighbors, literally to die. Could you recover from such abandonment? I'm not sure that I have.
I mean... if I had suffered something like that, I'm sure it would have stayed with me.
I should not feel bad about it. I was not left to die. I was sent to study at the school. Probably so Master Li could deal with my... sensitivities.
It doesn't compare, really. These spirits; they truly suffered and have a right to turn on those who left them behind.
Me, I feel like my abandonment was partially my fault, but I was three, and I couldn't help being different. I would have tried to fit in, if I had been given a chance.
I know I shouldn't. I can see the result of such pain in the poor creatures in the ruins. I do not want to suffer such anger... such bitterness.
It may not seem like it, but I draw great strength from you and the things you say. I am grateful for that.
That is... an interesting opinion. I thought I was strong for not resorting to that kind of hate, but now I am not so sure.
Are you saying that it was acceptable to leave people there to die? That they just lack the ability to comprehend the necessity of it?
I'm not sure I can support that position. No one deserves to be abandoned. I have... personal experience with that feeling.
Is that all you see? Just white or black, friend or foe? If we cannot understand what motivates our foes, how can we hope to bring the fight to an end?
Problems left in place will just produce more enemies. When does it end?
The anger I sense comes from understandable sources. Left behind to die by their neighbors... could you recover from such abandonment? I'm not sure that I have.
Is this how you maintain yourself amidst the pressures of your life? By dismissing them? I suppose that is one way to view your role in the world.
I thought you took your responsibilities more to heart, but I suppose I sometimes dwell on things too much. I guess there is another side to everything.
As always, I have much to think about after speaking with you. Perhaps we can continue this another time.
Our time in the forest was very troubling to me. To see such distance between the concerns of men and spirits... is something I am still getting used to.
I have been sensitive to these things for as long as I can remember, but it was not always such a disturbing talent. There used to be harmony.
It was very gradual. The world just seems to be filling up with spirits that have no place to go. That this affected even the Forest Shadow is very disturbing.
It makes me wonder how deep the trouble goes, and what mortals like us are supposed to do about it.
What do *you* think? Master Li thought you were tied to this somehow. Can you comfort me?
Your appreciation is just what I was looking for, and I am grateful. I know we will do what we can, even if the world moves in ways we cannot fathom.
I am glad that we can talk like this. It soothes my mind. I hope we can continue another time.
I suppose that someone in your position has little choice in that regard. Everyone needs something from you; one more person just adds to the burden.
Perhaps I have been looking at things the wrong way. It seems I should be more secure in myself before I reach out to others.
Thank you for your time. It was not the answer I expected, but I see the use of it. Perhaps we will continue this later.
What do you mean? It isn't arrogance; it is the natural order of things. Isn't it?
I... I sometimes wonder if I was left at the school because my abilities offended the order of things, but, in the end, I found my true place with Master Li.
Now that he has been taken, I fear that we will never find our way back to that simple life. Worse, I worry we were never meant to have it.
I am trying to feel good about what happened at Gao's fortress, the lair of his pirates.
We went looking for our Master and perhaps another flyer. What we found... I was not prepared for how cruel people could be.
Seeing those people with no control over their fates... it is similar to a pain in my past that I have not thought about for a long time.
I would not dream of saying my experience is similar to those poor people in Gao's fortress, but that lack of control... I know that well.
One of the only things I know about myself is that on the morning I was born the sky was red, like distant mountains were on fire. Perhaps it was Dirge burning, as Zu said.
I believe it was an ill omen, and that stigma is why my abilities became a burden. That's why I must have been left at the school.
To be subject to the whims of someone else just because of what you are, be you slave or outsider... yes, I know that well.
Yes, you are an outsider too, albeit one with power to change your world. I think the slaves in the pirate lair would greatly appreciate your skill in defense.
And I would make great use of your confidence. You inspire me to think of the possibilities, not just the problems.
I'm gaining an appreciation for the person you are becoming. Perhaps we should speak on these matters again some time.
I already said I am not drawing a direct comparison. I know full well that there is a difference between being shunned and being imprisoned.
However, they can take cold comfort in being able to see the bars holding them. No one was pretending they are anything but slaves.
When people find out about my abilities, I make them uncomfortable, but no one says it aloud. The walls that keep me out are unseen, but they are there.
Are people to be blamed for the pain that others cause them? What if they had no ability to affect their lot in life?
I was born under an ominous sign. When I started... seeing things, it must have confirmed the superstitions people had formed about me.
Was I *cod6*weak?*cod6* Was my eventual shunning my own fault? Were these slaves at fault because someone else locked them away?
You suggest that the only reason I feel bad is that I allow it. It is not the worst idea I have ever heard, but your approach is very... indelicate.
Perhaps I was expecting sage counsel such as Master Li might give, but he is not here, and we are both discovering what sort of master you will be.
S-so you claim that I give them more strength than they ever had by dwelling on the past? A simple answer... too simple.
It is worth considering, but there is no epiphany. I already know I shouldn't let old wounds bother me. Master Li said as much.
Still, you have given me insight into what I must do to survive our current trials. You also reveal how cold you are.
Perhaps we will talk again. You have changed from the child I thought I knew.
You are infuriating! Do you claim that I could not possibly know a similar pain unless I too was made a slave?
You'd better hope not, or you won't be able to fathom what is wrong with the restless spirits until you are dead yourself!
I am through speaking for now. I'm sorry I brought it up.
If you have no interest in me or my feelings, you have only to say so. I will not bother you further, if that is your wish.
Seeing those people enslaved in the pirate lair has brought unexpected memories. I don't claim to have suffered as they have, but some things are similar.
Do you have time now? I wanted to speak with you quite a while ago, but you have only now come around.
I feel as though I am bothering you with my feelings. All you have to do is say the word, and I will no longer burden you with my thoughts.
[Success] I know, and I am sorry to stress you further. I will try to be more gentle in my concerns.
I just wanted to talk about what we have seen. You are all that I have left, and as a friend, I value your perception.
[Failure] Your words are hollow. Perhaps you are concerned about other things. I can see my thoughts only distract you.
I will not bother you again unless it is of the utmost importance. I don't want to impede our rescue of Master Li.
[Success] Thank you. I am sorry to distract you so, but much of what is happening is confusing to me as well.
[Success] I am sorry. I did not mean to add to the stress of an already troubling situation.
I see. Well, I will try to remain quiet about anything but the most basic information. I... sorry I wasted your time... and mine.
Do you actually want to talk? This is not the first time you have put off my request. You seemed sincere before, but now I wonder.
I do not mind waiting, but if you are only pretending to have an interest, then what is the point?
[Success] It is gratifying to hear you say so. I never meant to be a distraction. I have just always found the company of close friends very comforting in difficult times.
[Failure] No, I understand what you are unwilling to say. This isn't the time for personal concerns, even among old friends.
No, I didn't have anything pressing on my mind, although your company is always welcome. We seem so far from anything familiar.
Strange enemies, troubling plots; I will be glad when we can leave this place to find Master Li.
We should get in this Marvelous Dragonfly and go after Master Li's captors! Talk to Kang, and he will get us on our way.
Zu made it quite clear what we must do. We need a wind map, and we need a flyer. The longer we take, the farther away Master Li gets.
If that is your wish.
I do not like the area around this place, around Tien's Landing. There is rot here, deep in the heart of it. There are secrets, and there has been much suffering.
Maybe I just feel this way because of what happened at the school or what I fear will happen to Master Li. I just know we must be careful.
I will... but I cannot help worrying, or thinking about what has happened to Master Li.
Yes, of course. I am glad you are strong in the face of all the death and destruction we've seen.
You weren't there. Neither of us knows what really went on. How can you say it wasn't the best course?
I... I know that, but he must have tried to do something... I don't know.
The lives of our friends are already lost. Master Li's life is still in jeopardy. How many others will come to depend on you? I fear your burden, not your ability.
I am glad to hear you say it. We must keep our heads clear to survive this. Is there anything else I can do for you?
We can't always choose such things. We can neither escape nor ignore what we are meant to do. I'm sorry, is there something else we can talk about?
Be well, my friend.
I don't think now is a good time to discuss things. I'd rather not die in here, if you don't mind.
We should focus on getting to Jia. We can discuss things after we've done that.
I suppose it is good that the Lotus Assassin Executioner accepted you. I wish I felt better about that.
Will you be heading to the Lotus Assassin fortress soon? When you are through there, the princess will take us to the palace.
At least, that's what she promised.
You've appeased both of the Lotus Assassin recruiters. What else could we possibly need to do?
I dread the answer, but is there something the Inquisitor wants you to do as well?
Do we still need to finish that unpleasant business with Sheng, or can you just proceed to the fortress?
Yes? What do you need? I'd like to get that business with Minister Sheng out of the way.
She worries about the poor minister, a man she would despise in any other circumstance.
Be careful in the Lotus Assassin fortress. They may not know you are an enemy, but they can still be dangerous.
Hurry to the palace. I hate it that Master Li is trapped there. Who knows what the Emperor is doing with him.
My father will explain. Death's Hand is behind this. You will see.
The Imperial City... I'd always heard how impressive it was. The stories didn't do it justice.
I feel like I'm a long way from home, and I don't even know where home is anymore.
If you want to go to the palace, you will have to talk to Princess Lian. She's the one who controls that path.
I can still have the map ready if you want to fly anywhere else, but we should get to the palace as soon as we have taken care of everything.
Very well, but let's not take too long. Master Li is waiting for us to rescue him.
Very well. I'll have the map ready.
Do you have time for me now? We should have spoken some time ago. If you do not wish me to burden you with my... attention, all you need to do is say so.
[Success] Thank you for that. This has been a difficult journey, and it is good to know such... close friends are thinking of me
I want to talk about what we have seen in the Imperial City. You are becoming more than a friend, and I value your perception.
[Failure] I see myself as only a distraction to you. Perhaps after all of this is done we can... I don't know.
I will keep my feelings to myself unless it is of the utmost importance. I don't want to distract from our rescue of Master Li.
[Success] I am sorry to distract you so, but it has been a burden for me, as well.\n
[Success] I am sorry. I know that you are doing your best. This is difficult for me, as well.
If that is the case, I will remain quiet unless discussing the most basic of our concerns. I... I'm sorry I wasted your time... and mine.
I'm sorry. I was foolish to disturb you in the first place, and it's indulgent of me to waste your time now. I just want... I'm not sure what I want.
Rest assured that I know you have no interest in my personal concerns. I tried to speak with you a number of times, but you just put it off too long.
I will not bother you with this again, I promise that.
It is a bit late for that, and we have... more pressing concerns. Please, let's just get back to finding Master Li.
Do you really have an interest? I accepted your word before, but it seems you may have... exaggerated your concern.
If you don't want to pay attention to my... personal concerns, you need only say. We were content as friends.
[Success] I know I shouldn't need such assurances, but I do appreciate hearing you say such things. You are a great comfort in troubling times.
[Failure] Perhaps you didn't mean it, but that doesn't change much. We should just focus on the task at hand.
I don't mean to distract you. I just wanted someone familiar around me for a moment, if only to reassure me that we are still in the Empire I thought I knew.
I have long dreamed of reaching the Imperial City, but now that I have, under these circumstances, I am more overwhelmed than ever.
But that's what is bothering me. We can't be a long way from home, because our home is gone.
I can no longer say that what I see is strange or foreign, because I have lost what I would have compared it to. I am the one out of place now.
I... I would like that. To know you will be there, no matter what... I've never had that stability. At least, not before joining the school.
As a child, I was marked by ill omens, apparently named for them. The people in Two Rivers were polite, but many did not hide the discomfort I caused them.
How do you deal with being able to sense the spirit world when people make such absurd conclusions?
That is horrible, but... I see what you mean. That is where they got their fear from in the first place, from tales of witch women and sorcerers.\n
I... did not expect this conversation to take this turn, but I still feel better. I am not quite comfortable with it yet, but I begin to see what has made you so strong.
I would like to continue this later. As always, I have much to think about after speaking with you.
I always just felt like a victim... but perhaps, like now, I was just out of place. Is that what you mean? I should feel superior because they did not understand me?
I... I cannot change who I am, I know. Perhaps I just have to let all of that go. It will not be easy.
But I do feel that you have given me a strength I did not have before. I... very much appreciate your support.
We should continue this discussion later. I have much to think about, and our work here has only just begun.
The Imperial City. I never dreamed I would reach it.
All right. What did you want to ask?
I suppose that is a reflex of mine. I cannot be excluded if I don't belong to begin with. That is why I did not participate much while at the school.
Get tough? I am quite capable of defending myself physically. Are you suggesting I harden my heart more than it already is? I already feel like an outsider.
What good is there in pointless rage? I have no desire to spend my days growing bitter over things I can't change.
[Success] I... I appreciate what I think you are saying, but the sentiment is so harsh. I don't want to become like the people who pushed me aside.
[Failure] No, it would be weak to fall into that kind of thinking just to protect myself from people who think exactly that way.
I'm not sure what you are suggesting is all that healthy. Perhaps... perhaps we are not as similar as I thought.
I am sorry. I don't mean to distract you. I shouldn't be opening these old wounds while we have so much to do.
There was a time when I was more inclined to that kind of thought, but the stability of the school helped me find some measure of peace.\n
I suppose that is best. We should focus on the job ahead... and nothing else.
[Success] Perhaps I do, but how can I rationalize away my concern for others? I spent a long time suffering people who did the same to me.
[Success] I should stand up for myself more, I know that, but I don't want to become like the people who pushed me aside.
I don't want to seem ungrateful for her help, but having Silk Fox here is causing me some concern.
I mean, she is the daughter of the Emperor, and we do not know his role in Master Li's capture. Can she be trusted?
To you, perhaps, but not to me. I think I am perceived as a rival, but no one has told me what the game is.
She delights in taunting me, as though I were a child. If she is with us, why such hostility?
The Princess? The daughter of the Emperor is jealous of me? I think the size of our task has addled your senses.
What could I possibly have that would make her jealous? What does a woman from the borderlands have that the Princess herself does not?
W-what?
I'm sorry. You caught me off guard for a moment.
Well that is... just foolish. Isn't it?
I am not! Why would you suggest that? And why did you smirk?
Are you... are you trying to pit us against each other? Does it amuse you to see people compete for your affection...?
Your affection... did I just say that? Well... damn you for being right.
You have always been a good friend to me, but I never meant... I mean, I couldn't....
No. No, I should have more control over this. This is too uncertain. You can't manipulate me into admitting something like this.
Not when you could leave whenever you want.
I prefer to have more control over myself, and as much control over what goes on around me as possible.
Silk Fox, or whatever she wants to be called, is an unknown I can't compensate for. I can't stay in balance if I don't know what she represents.
You and I, we talk and share thoughts, but she... forces me to consider where that might lead, both good and bad. I'm not ready for that.
Don't you dare! Oh, you tease so much! I don't know what to do with you. You have become so different since we left Two Rivers.
Or perhaps it is me. For all the trouble we face, I feel like a weight is lifting.
I suppose it does. Strange that you are becoming more adept at reading my moods than I am.
I think we will have a great deal more to discuss in the coming days. I am... looking forward to it.
Until then, thank you for being so understanding. Master Li was right. You are special.
Then we are at an impasse, and I don't know how to get around it. I think... I think I am not ready for this.
Don't juggle your words. I am not amused by it. You know very well what I mean. It's probably at the front of your mind all the time, for all I know.
Well, I would... I would.... I don't know. I... I'm not used to thinking about that. I always felt that what came next was in someone else's hands.
I've never been given that kind of choice before.
[Success] I... I deserve not to be cast aside. I deserve better.
[Failure] Be quiet! Just let me think. I don't like... I don't like what you are trying to do. You want me to lash out, to fight pain by giving it. I won't.
Why are you doing this? What are you trying to make me be? This isn't who I am.
I'm sorry. I've had enough. If you need anything for our current task, I will help, but I don't want to talk about this anymore.
[Success] I... I can't justify it. I look at how much I fear and I can't.
I should... I should fight more. I should spit more. I should slap the princess in her smirking face, and I should... I should....
I should look at you without fear of what might happen, because if I grow to need you and you *leave,* ancestors help me, you will regret it.
Am I? Perhaps you should worry if you are worthy of mine. That is what you wish, isn't it? That I assert myself?
I did not intend for this to go as far as it has this quickly. I am startled by what you bring out in me. I need time to think.
You have introduced me to some interesting ideas. I thank you for that. I think I have been weak for too long.
Perhaps it is time that others started worrying about me. I thought striking back would lower me, but I don't know anymore.
[Success] They deserve... they deserve the worst I can imagine for making me weak.
It is clear we have very different views about what is going on here. I'm not sure I want to continue this. In fact, I am very sure.
If you wish something related to the task at hand, I will be happy to assist. Beyond that, I think we are done.
The situation is *useful?* Is that what I am here for? To be used? Will I be cast aside when you are done?
This is how it starts, you know. Soon there will be whispers and strange looks. I've seen that before. I don't want to be a part of this.
So you don't trust her fully, but you invite her into our midst? I'm not sure I understand that, especially when she is so confrontational.
We are much closer to finding our Master, but the path you are forced to take worries me, and I don't think the princess shares my concern.
We have faced these Lotus Assassins in small numbers before, but this is something different.
That is not what I meant. Hordes can be overcome. They are never the endless threat they appear to be.
What concerns me is how you have walked in their steps to fool them. I am... growing accustomed to you. I don't want to see this change you.
I have always respected your resolve, but there are dangers other than death. When you walk in the shadow of the enemy, you risk taking their shape.
You fought through the arena with your honor intact, but the Lotus Assassins will press you to commit far more vicious acts.
I don't want to win if it claims the good in you. What right do we have to harmony if we sacrifice what we believe to get it?
I know you won't, but it still does my heart good to hear it. The more I know about you, the more I want you to stay as you are.
It would be a shame for something to happen when we are... becoming close.
We will talk again. I... know everything will work out just fine.
What? It is very unlike you to say that. This is a different side of you from the one you have let me see so far.
How can you make a rightful claim to victory if, in the end, you are no better than the enemy we worked to defeat?
Yes, I suppose I should. It would appear that you already have.
You are very different from the boy I met at the school. Perhaps I am changing as well. I'm sorry to have wasted your time. It won't happen again.
What? I suppose all that I know is what you have let me see. I thought I was getting close to your true self. Was I mistaken?
And if you sacrifice all the good that is in you, what then?
I don't dare judge you, but some of what I saw in the arena worried me. If you can act as you did, what will the Lotus Assassins bring out?
You found a way to appease the Lotus Assassins while sparing Minister Sheng. Will you be able to hide your honor when in their midst?
Minister Sheng paid the price for you to gain the favor of the Lotus Assassins. Who else will you be willing to sacrifice?
You embarrass me with such forward questions, but I think like that, as well. It bothers me that you risk so much to walk in the shadow of the enemy.
I see the necessity of walking in their steps to fool them, but I am... growing accustomed to you, and I don't want to see this change you.
It seems like such a long path, but we are getting closer to Master Li and those who took him. I am concerned about what is coming.
After all, the lair of the Lotus Assassins may hold a tempting power.
Nor should you. I know your strength, and how you place yourself above all others. You have shown how effective your way of thinking can be.
What? No, that isn't it at all. You have shown me that I shouldn't worry so much about the method so long as we approve of the result.
Ha! I have the utmost confidence in you. You have shown me what strength can be drawn from thinking of yourself first.
I know that if there is any power to be taken from the Lotus Assassins, you will take it. I am not concerned about that. Any help would be useful to us, despite the source.
I am more concerned that their presentation might be... seductive. You will not forget that our mission is to free our master, will you?
I knew you would stay true to our cause. If we turn the powers of our enemy against them, more the better.
It would be good to see someone else suffer for a change.
Why would this change surprise you? You showed me how fruitless it was to try and meet cruelty with grace. If that applies to my life, it certainly applies here.
If the methods of the Lotus Assassins bring us strength, you should use them. If you don't, and we lose Master Li again, you, not our enemy, will be the target of my anger.
Do I? I suppose I don't have the patience to let people change on their own anymore, but not many deserved it.
You helped me to see that, and I am grateful, even if it is taking me a while to get used to this darker view of the world.
As long as you stay with me, I know everything will work out just fine. I've changed because of you... for you.
I'm... I'm glad. I won't lose you, or the chance to save Master Li. I can't.
Can we... get back to the task at hand? There will be time to speak about this later, when we get this hateful world back to normal.
I just want this to be over so we can... build new lives.
I was a fool. You made that clear the last time we talked. I was trying to find peace while making excuses for the behavior of others.
I tried to effect change by example, only I didn't know how to react when bad things continued to happen. Now I know better.
Our enemies should be served back whatever they throw at us. Make them reap what they sow. Our cause is too worthy to do otherwise.
This isn't what you wanted? Why convince me of this if it isn't to your liking?
[Success] I didn't think I was. When you wanted me to be stronger, I thought you meant like the Princess. Her concerns are all that matter to her.
I don't want to see the world like that, like I have to be as cold as those we fight. I don't want to think that you are like that.
What right do we have to win, if we can't tell ourselves from the enemy? I know my heart isn't like that. I want to believe yours isn't, either.
I... I need some time to think. Thank you for this. I feel as though I have turned away from a very dark path.
[Failure] What good does this admission do me? I am tired of trying to be what others want and of being cast aside when I fail.
W-what? But this was what you wanted, wasn't it? For me to give back the pain directed at me? Why convince me of this, if it will only drive you away?
I... I can't do this anymore. I tried to be what you wanted, but it isn't enough. I don't know who I am, or who you want me to be.
I think... I think I need to let this go. Master Li should be our focus. This only clouds my eyes... and my heart.
If you need anything, I will be here, but I don't think these talks are helping. Maybe... when everything is done. I'm sorry for wasting your time.
If you subjugated the whole of their order, that would be very useful to us, indeed. I wouldn't be against that. We could use them to our advantage against their leaders.
It is just about time, isn't it? The Emperor or Death's Hand or whoever can only keep us from our Master for so long.
So much has happened to get us here: our hard work, the loss of Sagacious Zu. I am looking forward to having our questions answered.
I... also don't want to worry about you anymore. What if you are next to fall?
I think I trust you now, but I am not sure what should come next. This seems like such an uncertain time to be making plans for the future.
You have a very odd way of twisting a sentiment. How should I react to such a *cod6*comfort?*cod6* It is, I suppose, better than nothing.
Listen to me. I think I am used to this new life, laughing about the danger we will face, about whether we will survive. Is this what *cod6*normal*cod6* has become?
I feel selfish for trying to find peace while this war of ours continues. If... when we free Master Li, that will be the more appropriate time for this.
I doubt you need any more incentive, but I am glad I have that effect.
Now it is just up to the princess to keep her word, and we can end this. Everything will be all right again. I know it.
Don't mistake my caution for reluctance. I have come to see how important you are to me, but... I'm sorry, I need to know that this will be over soon.
If the princess keeps her word, we can leave for the palace when you are ready. Then it will feel like the end is near, like we can go home.
We are very close to our goal now, aren't we? I am growing impatient for answers. We have pushed against the walls blocking our way, and it's about time we broke through.
After suffering so much and losing Sagacious Zu, I think this Emperor owes us a great deal.
I think we are owed time to be safe together. If you were the next to fall, I would never forgive you.
That sounds more like a war cry than a sign of affection, but I suppose I should expect nothing less. Everything is a matter of strength to you.
As long as your boasts match your action, I will be happy. I am looking forward to something for the first time in a great while. I know you will not disappoint.
Smirk all you like, but the threat is real. I feel selfish pushing for what I want while this war of ours is ongoing, but I will have no such reservations when it is done.
I am looking forward to something for the first time in a great while. You should not disappoint me.
What? But this is what you wanted, isn't it? You said I needed to put myself first. Why convince me of this if it would only drive you away?
It is too late for apologies. I need consistency, and I am not finding it with you.\n
I should hope so. I'm still a stranger in my own skin. If I don't encourage you to succeed, what good are the changes I have tried to make?
Let's just get this over with. Once we rescue Master Li, we can turn our minds to more... pleasing thoughts.
That is really not necessary right now, although I do enjoy the attention. We have come so far together. Thank you for that.
I've only been here as long as you have. I doubt I have any information you would find useful.
So much has happened... so much death. Sagacious Zu's sacrifice weighs on my mind.
Now I understand why he was so troubled. It wasn't cowardice that led to his exile from the Lotus Assassins, it was conscience.
He must have wanted to oppose them, even if he didn't realize it at first, but that would have meant his superiors were wrong, a far graver thing than just being evil.
What must it be like, to be so devoted that it was easier to imagine a deficiency in himself than to confront the truth of the Emperor's evil?
We have to make sure this can never happen again. I know we will. We have to.
Hurry to the palace. I can't bear to think of Master Li remaining in the hands of this Emperor a moment longer.
And yet, he still did what he thought he must. We can't let that action be for nothing.
He was flawed, as we all are, but he still managed to do what he thought he must. We can't let that action be for nothing.\n
Sagacious Zu seemed very certain that Death's Hand is no normal opponent. He was also very deliberate in his actions, like he knew the fight was inevitable.
I don't like it, but you have to get as close to the Lotus Assassins as you can to gain access to their fortress.
That's what the Princess wants, and she is our passage to the palace.
Grr... he presumes to trap us, too. He is too strong to fight alone, but you can use the strength of your followers. What else are they good for?
Let's get what we need and get out of here. Just do whatever your *cod6*master*cod6* wants so we can get into the inner chambers of the fortress.
As much as I think it is foolishly dangerous, you need to go to the Lotus Assassin fortress and find the information the Princess needs.
Very well, but we should get that business with Minister Sheng out of the way.
Don't go too far. I'd get lost in this city. I know it.
This is all so much to absorb. I would appreciate your counsel if you have time to speak privately.
Are you ready to go? You said that we needed to deal with Sheng, and I don't want to leave the matter too long.
Yes? I like to think that we can take time to talk about... important things.
What did you want to talk about?
Don't look at me. It is bad enough I feel your will within my mind. I don't want to see your face.
My eyes may do as you command, but they will hold no affection for you.
No, don't make me suffer this. What we shared was... was a lie! Do not shame me further.
I care for you.
I would turn my head in shame if my body would let me. Will the Empire itself be forced to look at you in the same way?
Just... just go.
[Dawn Star obediently remains quiet.]
You can make me do what you want, but you will never again have what I once freely gave.
Do not mock me now by claiming my feelings are a surprise. You knew my horror when you chose this fate for me.
That this comes after what we shared makes it all the more a betrayal. I was at your side by choice. Now you stand alone, whether I am there or not.
Now I see the scars of Master Li's betrayal clearer than ever. You truly are a wounded child.
No, it was *not!* If you had listened to my concerns, I would have stayed by you of my own free will.
I am never alone. You were always in my mind. Now it is no longer my choice, and it means nothing.
I stood by you through everything. Now you stand alone, even if I am still here.
So many changes. The Jade Empire is not the place I once thought it was.
The closer we get to power, the more I love what you are becoming. So many lies... the Empire needs your firm hand.
Death's Hand is a fine symbol of your power. The princess and Sky are fools for not seeing his worth. Someone has to turn the evils of others to good.
Ha ha ha! There will be time for whatever you want. If nothing else, I can depend on you to make the world suit your schedule.
Everyone else in my life has betrayed what they were supposed to stand for. You alone have stayed true in your actions and words.
Will there be time for us? If we take it.
Good. I used to think that harmony and balance would save the world. Now I know that those are just words misused by everyone.
Am I? Perhaps, but that is only because you have shown me that the world is a cold place.
I was destined to be forever a victim, but no longer. I thank you for that, and I will stand by you whatever comes.
If that is what is needed to rid the world of the fools that endangered the Empire, so be it. Better you than anyone else.
You have shown me that no one else is worthy of that seat of power. I know you will make things as right as they can be.
Go on now, we have been over this. You will shape the Empire with the firm hand it needs, unlike all the unworthy betrayers we have fought.
I have no doubt that there will be. When everything is restored to the way it was, we will be able to return to the lives we lost.
It won't be perfect, I know, but I even miss the simple heartache of mortal sorrow. Our time among the gods has forced greater worries upon us.
Will there be time for us? More than anything, I hope so.
Your resolve is inspiring. The Master Li I thought I knew would be proud. The man we now face should be worried.
There is a great deal of temptation ahead of you. I know you will make your decisions carefully.
I know you won't make the same mistakes your master did.
You asked me once already, and I still have no doubt. When all is restored, the normal troubles of mortal living will seem like the greatest blessings.
I hope there is room left in you for compassion. Two others before you have walked the road of power and corruption. Please learn from their mistakes.
And well they should. There must be punishment for the evil that has come to pass, and there must be control to ensure it does not happen again.
Please, it pains me to see you struggling under such anger. Let my love guide you away from the corruption of revenge and mindless power. I know your heart.
I know, and perhaps the greatest and hardest of those is yet to come. So much is on your shoulders.
I do not envy you, but I will be with you, my friend. We will make sure the Empire does not fall to the desires of a corrupted few.
I will be there when you take control. We will make certain that no one can harm the people of the Empire again.
When the time comes, we will reveal what evils have been done in the name of power. We will make certain this cannot happen again. You and I.
I know everything will be fine. You will see to it.
Sky was a fool to betray you. All traitors will receive what they deserve. All of them.
I know you will make things right. You have shown me what needs to be done.
It pains me to see Sky a prisoner of your will. I know it was the most gentle of punishments available to you, but it is still sad.
What Master Li has done is unforgivable. We have to set things right, and undo the evil he has put in motion.
What's the matter, Dawn Star? Are you scared that Master Li might find out?
There is talk of approaching bandits, and you bother me with unsubtle advances? How very like you, Gao. No doubt a tactic learned from your criminal father.
His name is Gao the Greater, and he built a fortune out of some ragged thieves and slave traders. If my charm can't lift your spirit, I'll buy the ground from under you.
Flaunting your father's undeserved wealth does not impress me, Gao. It only serves to push me further away.
You step beyond your station. She and I are discussing her future.
Thank you, Gao, but I'll pick my own poison. Now leave, and, if you'd be so kind, stay downwind.
I won't forget this, Dawn Star. You show great disrespect.
You, as well. You will not take all the glory if there is an attack. We are not through.
Ugh. He is Gao the *Lesser* in all respects. I thought Master Li allowed him to stay so that the influence of the father could be countered, but Gao never learns.
He acts like he is above Master Li's teachings. Such are the conceits of wealth, I suppose. I appreciate that you arrived when you did.
You've said so already. I'm fine. What brings you here?
That is nice to hear. Gao could learn much from you, if he wanted to learn anything from anyone.
Please, he's not worth it. Let's just move on. What brings you here?
What does Gao the Lesser ever want? He is convinced that he can buy everything, and that includes people. He is a spoiled little man.
I'd rather not dwell on him. Let's not increase his influence by talking about him after he's gone. What is it you wish?
Yes, he said you were coming. He just passed here with Si Pat, on his way to help Kia Min. It's strange that simple bandits would launch such a raid.
Master Li was concerned that this would interrupt your training. His respect for your potential is just so... absolute. Has he told you any more about your future?
Only what Master Li has told you in the past: You are meant for great things, but you must discover them yourself.
It must be so frustrating, but exciting, as well.
It is not the same. You are filled with the promise of great things, even if they are unknown. My skills will always be darker.
I can see into the spiritual, an ability that grants some insight, but it doesn't seem to be useful for anything other than keeping me awake at night.
I helped Master Li discover the unrest that shapes your future, but I see only problems, while you are destined to find solutions. I envy you for that.
I'm glad. You have always kept your feet on the ground. What does Master Li say? That you should keep the basics close to heart?
Hello, Dawn Star. I hope I'm not interrupting.
I don't like seeing you upset.
What did Gao want?
You know about the bandits. Master Li said to get a weapon from Gujin.
Not specifically. What do you know about it?
He has told you similar things. You have talents, too.
Please don't put me on a pedestal. I'd rather stand beside my friends.
Let's go together. I could use the company.
Could I ask you a few more questions?
Where can I find Gujin?
How did you help Master Li find out about the restless dead?
What makes them so threatening?
What happens to them in the underworld?
And well you should. I am bound for great things.
He thinks it will encourage me. I'm tired of it. Aren't you?
No. I have a bad feeling, Dawn Star.
I'm sure nothing is going to happen.
I don't remember. I'm sure it was nothing.
Speculation is a fool's game. He'll tell me soon enough.
Hello, Dawn Star. I certainly hope I *am* interrupting.
It sounds like Dawn Star would like you to leave, Gao.
Do you want to talk about the attack?
Where did you live before you came to the school?
Why did you move around? How did you come here?
It is troubling to not know your past.
Does your ability have any practical use?
Your name is unusual. Is it a title?
How this affects you doesn't matter. I have more important questions.
Perhaps later.
Who are the people of interest in the village?
Master Li does what he must. He is our master.
Master Li does a lot of confusing things.
Master Li is a fool. I can't wait to leave.
I didn't want to fight them all, but there was no real choice.
He kidnapped you so you wouldn't get caught in an attack?
We have to try. There has to be a way!
I just need to know if we can control it safely.
So it's like flying a swimming ox. Well *that* helps.
I tried to understand his trouble, but he won't let me.
We're wasting time. If we are going, let's go!
Fine, I guess we just hope for the best.
Get to the point! Will it work or not?
How do you know so much about it?
I will not run from a fight!
That's your solution to everything: Just walk away.
Was this all a distraction to get me out of the village?
They chose their path. I just happened to cross it.
I enjoyed it. It was real, not like the gentle sparring at the school.
I wouldn't let anything happen to you, Dawn Star.
He was clearly delusional. Pay no attention.
Let's all just get out of here. We need to get back.
Dawn Star, head for the entrance. Zu and I will clear the rest of the cave.
Zu, head for the entrance. Dawn Star and I will clear the rest of the cave.
I don't know, but I think we should head back to the village.
Empty threats. Let him argue with the worms.
I would have done the same for any of the students.
Yes, I always get saddled with Master Li's cast-off chores.
*cod15**cod162*
We will find survivors. There has to be someone left.
I need you ready to fight, Dawn Star.
This strange schematic has had better days, the paper ragged at the corners. While the page is filled with doodled diagrams, including one for a device that seems designed to colorize rice for easy sorting, the majority of the space is taken up by a single notation. *cod6*Foul smelling water must be purified of the taint of a rotted egg. Only the water wheel and the applauding stack can manage it, even then only with the dragon's help.*cod6*
Strange Light
*cod15**cod124*
*cod15**cod125*
Everyone deserves a few moments away from work, don't they? Things will be fine at the quarry without me.
*cod15**cod126*
Besides, it's nice to see the stones on display. This sculpture of Sagacious Tien's head is like an unending well of inspiration to me.
Why would they come here? Where did they take Master Li?
Master Li told me that he was the Emperor's brother. Gao overheard.
If Death's Hand is as vicious as you say, he had to try something.
You clearly aren't one now. Skip the details, just tell me how to find Master Li.
That explains your unwillingness to come here. You recognized a familiar tactic.
We must find where they took Master Li and rescue him.
Why? What is there?
Yes, I am still curious about you, Lotus Assassin.
You found this obscure set of instructions and copied them down on a hunch. *cod6*Iron is made stronger through the alloy, and nickel binds well to make a sharp blade. It can also be a reactive fuel, but certain configurations must be preserved. The dragon watches over the controlled lightning, while the cogs spin dutifully on their own.*cod6*
That's a nice way of saying we still don't trust you.
And if you've been lying, I'll see that you answer for it.
Master Li may have old friends who could help us there.
Will that get us closer to Gao the Greater?
Master Li was training me for a journey. I should continue with that.
We need to figure out how and why Gao triggered this.
I knew finding you in the swamp was too convenient! What do you know of this?
You're just a bitter swamp hermit. What do you know?
Gao must have known. Did he say anything to you, Dawn Star?
Master Li said I was important, that I was a destined for great conflict.
Why did we wade through Gao's men if this is someone else's work?
Woo mentioned a woman giving orders. What about her?
I'm fine. Dawn Star, are you okay?
It'll take more than a little crash to hurt me!
Why didn't you tell me this earlier?
So we need to find a wind map and a new flyer?
Things just keep getting better and better, don't they?
Don't worry, Dawn Star. I'll find a way to get us flying again.
Okay, let's go check out the town. Zu, you come with me.
Let's get moving. Dawn Star, come with me.
I don't plan on being stuck here for long. I'll figure something out.
It's hopeless. We'll never catch up to Master Li now.
Then I guess we're grounded until we find a wind map.
She is correct about that. I was with him the longest.
Like the burning of Dirge that Hui just mentioned?
Are you trying to claim she was at Dirge, as well, Zu?
What kind of comment is that, Zu? What are you getting at?
You are a comforting fellow, Zu. It must be the Lotus Assassin in you.
Yes, Zu, I am far more deserving of your attention.
How do you control it from this distance?
I want that machine handy, Kang. Just land it.
Very well. Enough of this, what do we need to do now?
I have some general questions.
I am interested in how you are, Dawn Star. Is there anything bothering you?
Understandable, considering the injustice that was done.
You were abandoned? Tell me about that.
I am glad you came to the school. Don't linger on fools who may have shunned you.
It doesn't matter. You are a long way from home, and we are through with the ruins.
Better to have anger than pointless sorrow. They might kill their enemy. You only hurt yourself.
If this is just about your personal feelings, we have more important things to do.
If they could not understand in life, how would they in death?
Why concern yourself? They fall like any other enemy.
I am sorry. What concerns you about this place?
The next enemy is someone else's concern. I am not the world's keeper.
When did you notice a change?
I don't know, but I am glad that you wanted me to.
Comfort yourself. I have no interest in helping the weak grow dependent.
I don't see how. The arrogance of the heavens is immeasurable.
I suppose. When did you first notice a change from harmony?
I am not content with that. I suspect that neither are you.
I will make things right, Dawn Star. With your help.
*You* decide what you are entitled to. Not your family, not Master Li, not me.
You don't speak much about your life before the school.
I am beginning to feel some of that myself. Go on.
Their slavery was enforced by bars. Yours seems self-inflicted.
The weak often find themselves in such a predicament.
I apologize. I did not mean that you intentionally suffered.
Your trauma was long ago, but you still hurt. Were they *very strong,* or are you *very weak?*
Again you cloud the issue. Their suffering is real. You are just moody.
Give me the short version, please.
I am sorry. Please, tell me your concern.
This is of no interest to me.
[Charm] My apologies. I was overwhelmed with the task ahead.
Of course. What did you want to discuss?
I don't see the value in this.
[Intuition] Try to understand the burden I am working under. I won't neglect you again.
[Intimidation] Pressing your concerns only adds to my burden. Try to be part of the solution.
I have no interest in speaking with you.
[Charm] Trust me when I say that I am very concerned about your feelings.
What should I concentrate on doing?
Don't worry. Be strong.
It will be okay. We will save him.
He was a fool. What kind of man gives himself to the enemy?
It couldn't have been worse. Everyone else was killed.
I don't appreciate your lack of confidence in me.
I understand, Dawn Star. Everything will be all right.
I never asked for anyone to depend on me.
Gather everyone, and have Kang ready the flyer.
Get the map ready. I want to fly somewhere.
Did you want to talk? Your feelings are very important to me.
[Charm] My apologies. I will not neglect you again.
What did you want to discuss?
[Intuition] I will endeavor to better handle the burden I carry. You deserve attention, as well.
[Intimidation] I should not have to prove myself. You know my feelings for you.
Is there nothing I can say to change your mind?
Good. This foolishness was a waste of time.
[Charm] I am sorry. I did not mean to neglect you.
I'm glad you are with me. We are a long way from home.
Then my home will be where you are, and you can say the same of me.
You could have capitalized on their fear. If they shunned you anyway, where's the harm?
Take solace in knowing you are better than they, in ways they cannot even dream.
People fear what they don't understand. Accept that.
It is not your burden to try to belong when you are not wanted.
You are alienating yourself before anyone else has a chance to.
If you are intent on making the worst of this, I don't want to talk to you.
Then you need to learn how to get tough. I can help with that.
Focus on anger. Hate what was taken instead of fearing what might be lost.
You are right. But try not to alienate yourself even before others try.
[Charm] A sneer does your beauty more justice than a pout.
I wasn't trying to bring you pain. I'm sorry, what I suggested was wrong.
Then we will leave it at that.
[Intuition] Not bitterness. Outrage. Don't you deserve to take what you need?
[Intimidation] I have no respect for those who allow themselves to be bullied.
Whining certainly won't help. I'm not interested in helping you do that.
I don't need to hear this. Straighten up, and do your job.
What concerns you? She has shown only good will.
Dawn Star, she is jealous of you.
My interest.
You didn't know? I offered counsel often enough.
Perhaps she thinks of you as a rival for my attention?
Is it? Perhaps you should tell me.
Perhaps you are jealous of her.
You didn't know? You sought my counsel often enough.
You fear the end of what has barely begun. Where does this reluctance come from?
So, Silk Fox forces you to consider where our talks might lead. I will have to thank her.
No one is pressuring you... except you. That says more than your words.
I can't respect someone who will not take a risk for great reward.
We've already established that we have no home. How can I leave?
Yes, I *could* leave. What would you *do* about it, little girl?
I mean, what would you do? Fight for what you want? Cry? What?
And that is a shame. What has kept you so frightened?
[Charm] My dear, don't you deserve vengeance? Even in small matters?
[Intuition] If you act weak, what would stop it from happening again? Justify doing nothing.
Now that is someone worthy of my attention!
You don't sound like someone who needs to worry about rivals.
[Intimidation] Well, I'm demanding it of you! If someone hurts you, what do they deserve?
I am sorry. Where does this reluctance come from?
What would you prefer? That I am shackled? I won't be your slave.
The situation is very useful. She sees you as a rival for me.
I don't have time to manage children. Accept her, or leave.
Better she is at arm's length than in the shadows.
Her presence is not debatable. That's all I will say.
I am strong enough. Numbers do not concern me.
I will do what I must to rescue Master Li and defeat those who took him.
I am concerned, as well. I promise I will not become as they are.
We have every right. If I must act like the enemy to beat them, so be it!
You are a voice of reason, as always. I will not change, don't worry.\n
Perhaps you have lost sight of our goal. You should reexamine what is important to you.
Enough! I will do what I must, regardless of your concerns.
Are you so sure you know what I believe?
Of course not, but difficult times call for hard sacrifices.
Yes, I think you are mistaken.
Really? What do you like about me now?
I understand. It is gaining their favor that concerns you.
Have some confidence! I don't like having to constantly reassure you.
I don't fear the Lotus Assassins in any number.
I understand. You worry that masquerading as one of the enemy will affect me.
That is my only goal. Anything I gain from the enemy is put to that purpose.
Wait, you don't care if I use their methods? I thought you acted as my conscience.
I like this new you. You seem stronger.
Bittersweet, like fine chocolate. It pleases me.
This isn't what I wanted. You are colder than you were at the school.
I care too much about you to let you become this bitter.
[Charm] I was wrong, Dawn Star. You were never weak.\n
It has been interesting to see how far you would go to please me.
You are more useful to me this way, but not as appealing.
Do you think I would join them? What if I could lead them?
I will do what I must to complete our goal. They cannot stop me.
I will always be here for you. You will come to trust that.
If I fall, I doubt anyone else will survive. We'll be together regardless.
If that is what you require, Dawn Star, it is more incentive for me to succeed.
I don't care what is *cod6*appropriate.*cod6* If you really cared, neither would you.
I don't have time for your doomsday worries.
No one has the strength to break me. I will never leave.
My dear Dawn Star, I would not dream of tempting your wrath.
You don't need to worry. This only spurs me on.
You are too forward. Where has your self control gone?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to push so strongly. I've hardened you.
It doesn't push me away. I like what you have become.
*cod15**cod127*
I want to ask some questions about the Imperial City.
What do you think about what has been happening?
Don't feel bad for him. He found his lost courage. If we succeed, he will rest in peace.
He had a choice: die, or live in shame for running when he should have fought.
In better times, he would have been a great servant of the Empire. His loss is a crime.
Bah! He didn't want to face himself because he knew the kind of sacrifices good men have to make.
It is easy to see the best in him now. Every dead man is a saint.
He was foolish to throw his life away. I could have defeated Death's Hand.
I have time to speak with you now, Dawn Star. What did you wish?
You will see what I wish. Look at me.
Won't they? Look at me like you did before. Like you did two nights ago.
I will shame you how I wish, pretty thing. Tell me you care for me.
Yes, that will do. Later we will discuss what feelings you will display and how often.
We shall see. Goodbye for now.
Bah, the action means nothing if it is so easy to command.
Shame you? Is this truly so bad?
Certain obedience over fickle loyalty. This is far more useful.
You amuse me. Perhaps I will order you to dance as well.
Your childhood friend has grown strong. Is that so bad?
I am sorry, but it was necessary.
You will stand where I wish. You were happy to take direction two nights ago.
Fine. I will leave you alone.
And we shall. I will force things to be right again.
You are colder than you once were, Dawn Star.
I will take more than that. I have seen the power that could be mine.
Everything will be right again. This madness will be undone.
We will have our lives back, and so much more.
Everyone will feel my wrath.
He specifically told me that it was no rush, so I didn't think it would be vital. Besides, who could turn down a chance to practice with you?
You're right. My apologies. If I ever hope to reach your level of skill, as Master Li reminds me, I will have to work hard.
What am I going to do?
You can access your inventory of techniques by clicking the Techniques button on the Character Record screen in the in-game menu. Press *cod7*Menu*cod8* to enter the menu.
Happily! I feel that I learn something every time I face you, even if it's only a new place to nurse a bruise. So long as you're certain you have time?
Ha! For all that he's trained you to be the best of us, you're not Master Li yet.\n
I would welcome another match with you, though. What's say, one more before we break for the day?
You've lost none of your acid wit, I see. Maybe you'd like to back that up. What's say one more bout before Master Li steals you away?
Lucky you. I've several things I have to practice and if they're not perfect I'll be training twice as hard tomorrow.
One more match, then?
All right. Show me your best.
Perhaps I don't have the time right now.
I could blindfold myself. That might even the odds.
I doubt it, you strike with the grace of a cow.
Where is Master Li again?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Your training is important. You shouldn't complain about it.
Maybe I will be able to find her again... to help her. But I don't know. I have a feeling we will both be lost, living one. Goodbye, forever.
You stumbled across an obscure diagram that seems to indicate a configuration for a machine. A small stone with medical runes surrounding it seems to be a key component. The rest of the diagram shows a connection between some sort of lightning enshrouded globe held by a mechanical arm, which seems linked to a pagoda or pyramid-topped machine belching smoke, which in turn seems connected to a series of large gears. The diagram has a series of dragon etchings in the corner; whether or not they're related is hard to say.
At the Black Leopard school, I learned the bare basics of a style under First Brother Kai, but not enough to say I'd mastered anything more than a few core techniques.
I'd demonstrate, but I don't think I even could. Master Li's teachings have been so much more effective that I have forgotten most of what I learned in the capital.
What style did you study in the Imperial City?
Make sure you have everything you need when you leave to find Dawn Star. Do not cloud your mind with anything else. When you return, your course will be clear.
You resist this?
Don't make me angry...
Raaaagh!
Grraah!
Destroy the mortal!
I am afflicted.
Graahaha!
Can't I hurt you?
Death! Kill!
Rip! Tear! Maim!
Eeeeek!
Bones, bones!
Pain is... gone.
My blood burns!
Die! Die! Die!
Not right now. I'm still digesting what happened to Ox. My brother, turned into that... thing.
Look, you're the one in charge here, but I'll die happy if Kai Lan keels over before I do. He deserves that.
What more is there to say? My brother became Kai Lan's pawn! I couldn't let that happen to you.
You won't be on Kai Lan's *cod6*favorite people*cod6* list after that little spat in his creature cages, so watch your back.
If I were you, I'd get out of this place. That's what I had to do. The winnings just aren't worth it in my mind.
Not directly. I'm the one who killed him, remember. While I like both revenge and death, I prefer they happen to other people.
But Kai Lan owes me a lot of pain. If the chance came to eliminate him, I'd take it.
Hmm. No, not really. Well, unless the Song clan are holding a grudge, but that'd be hard for them to do, since they're dead to a man.
These days there's always the danger that dead doesn't exactly mean finished, but I'll take my chances. Funny story about the Songs....
Hey! Why' re you assuming I'm the one who made them all dead? Oh, yeah, because I'm me.
Well what?
Who?
Oh, them. I don't remember. Probably something awful if they're all dead. Oh well, water under the bridge.
Oh, sure. Plenty of silver to be made in the Gold Division, which is ironic, I think. I'm not so good with irony.
If you're dead set on it, you could become Imperial champion. I'll admit, I'd love to see the look on the Serpent's face when that happened.
No, I don't think so. I've told you to watch your back and that's all you need to hear for now. If anything needs to be done beyond that, I'll do it.
I don't know. Hopefully nothing, but I'm keeping my eyes open. You just carry on and know that the Black Whirlwind's got your back.
Not literally, of course. I respect you too much to go grabbing anything posterior.
I'm not keeping anything too important. Like I said, if it gets important, I'll do something about it.
Good idea. You've got bigger things to worry about than me, anyway. Not much bigger, mind you.
We should talk about your time in the Imperial Arena.
Don't you want revenge for your brother?
Is there anything else I should know about, since you're being so open?
What did you do to them?
Well?
What happened to them?
The Song clan! What happened to them?
Aren't the rewards worth it in the Gold Division?
What would need to be *cod6*done?*cod6*
If you're keeping something from me, I need to know. Now.
Forget it. Let's move to something else.
Tell me something, little warrior. What do you see when you look out here?
I was just thinking that we should keep at finding a way to the Imperial Palace.\n
You cannot resist forever.
You cannot resist my style.
Switch the mini-map on and off by clicking the *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8* button. Click the Legends button on the Map screen in the Menu for an explanation of map symbols.
Someone like you cannot defeat me!
This is where you die!
Is that all it is to you? A way to make him weaker? Can't you see how this has hurt so many?
Strangely, I feel the worst about Sagacious Zu. He was charged with a horrible task and fought everything he was to save me. Only you experienced that side of him.
Well, what have we here? More outlaws? They're everywhere! Gao was right to order them killed, even if just to keep the camp clear while he secures his woman.
This ain't one of ours, soldier! You can't fool us! If Gao wants us out of the swamp you'll have to fight us every step!
What is this? More bandits, but coming from the camp? Gao's let us get overrun! Get them!
It seems like we've lost things we didn't even know we had. I don't want that to happen again, whatever happens, no matter how Master Li reacts.
Wild Flower looks... somehow different. Are you certain she is well?
No worse than the rest of us will be if we don't get moving.
Ya Zhen: It is... nothing. An annoyance was purged. It does not concern you.
Demons fought for her body. I had to intercede.
Just another headache from my followers. Nothing new.
It doesn't work?
Your blood!
Tear you limb from limb!
Die, mortal!
My master commands your death!
I have been restored.
You have... poisoned me.
Haha!
Huhh??
Raaah!
Smash you!
Die!
Gooraaah!
Break you!
Is better!
That... hurts!
Hahhh!
Death to the traitor!
You will not leave here alive!
Die, fool!
Death's Hand desires your death!
Obedience or death!
None shall leave here alive!
I have been poisoned!
You will die now!
That should have harmed you.
Die, traitor!
I obey only Death's Hand!
You will fall here and now!
I will not let you escape alive!
You will be a test of my skill.
Nothing you do will prevent my victory.
I am better now.
You have poisoned me!
Your death is assured!
Why won't you die?!
You're dead!
You'll regret this!
No way you'll win!
You can't run!
Your breath stops now!
I can take more!
Wha... what did you do to me?
That'll show you!
Why do you need to ask me about Dawn Star? You know her better than anyone, as far as I'm concerned. You two practically grew up together.
Frankly, I think she might have a little crush on you, too. Notice how she's been less willing to train with you recently?
Lin! That's not the reason why at all. I just want to avoid being a distraction.
Oh, sorry Dawn Star. I'm sure you'd know best.
While Master Li tries to never let it show, he obviously holds a special place in his heart for you two.
I suppose that's hard to deal with, even if I have been here far less time than you two.
I'm sure you've figured out most of my little quirks by now. I've been here a few years.
I'm sorry, senior student. I forgot my place a moment. What do you need from me?
I've studied with him as long as I can remember.
The only one who has been here almost as long is Dawn Star.
Long enough. It's time for me to finish my training.
Mind your business, Wen. I'm not here to discuss my life with you.
Really? You would have dropped everything to make way for me? I don't think so. You're far too important to waste time worrying about my education.
Master Li certainly considers your training important enough to shove all others aside, so why shouldn't *I* bow down to your greatness?
What? The *cod6*old man?*cod6* That's what he is. Young men don't get mired in foolish beliefs, like the belief that your training is more important than everyone else's.
If anything, *you* disrespect this school by monopolizing so much of the master's attention.
If I'd known it was holding up your training, I would have come sooner.
You disrespect our Master by calling him that.
Trapped in your Mind
UNL
The forest is but a short journey away, and Lord Yun makes his camp at the base of a hill, which should be easy to find.
I never caught his name, and he shies away from the village proper so I think he prefers it that way. His visits are so rare I'm not surprised you haven't heard of him.
Merchant Fen Do won't even speak of the man. Just gives him a few basic supplies and lets him go.
Oh well, no concern of ours. If a man wants to keep to himself, I say we let him do it.
Who is the strange hermit you mentioned?
I don't feel so good.
I don't have enough power?
Death's Hand's will!
We suffer no opposition.
You die in pain!
Your death!
You fuel my ambition.
You cannot match me!
I restore myself.
Poison will not slow me.
As so you fall!
Didn't I hurt you?
You will die here!
An unmarked grave for you!
I am superior!
Your final mistake!
I heal and fight on!
What did you do to me?
Hah! Take that!
If you manage to do it, I will let you present the spirit shard for the Jade Golem to Grand Inquisitor Jia in the inner chambers yourself. A rare honor for an acolyte.
Fight your way to the Water Dragon.
Weapon Master Gujin's house is up these stairs.
Wh... why won't it work?
I won't let you!
This can't be!
You can't!
I'll take you down!
I do what I must!
This won't end well.
I'm... I'm better?
I'm poisoned!
Am better now!
Am... sick.
My attack had no effect?
Your style is inferior!
Your course is unwise.
Your defeat is at hand.
Destiny prevails!
Your time to fall!
Float, as the butterfly.
I have been poisoned.
Heavenly Wave Style
Of course, until you've defeated Fifth Brother I'll just have to take his word for it. Is there something else I can do for you in the meantime?
It would be an honor, though I doubt I'll offer as much of a challenge as Master Smiling Hawk.
I've been trying to find that out myself. I even sent a few of the students into the city to see if they could discover the truth.
Master Smiling Hawk was the last to speak with Second Brother, though I still don't know what they discussed. It's no secret that they disliked each other.
Third Brother told me that Master Smiling Hawk sent Second Brother into the city, on an errand, but nobody saw him leave the school.
I fear Second Brother has run into trouble, and I suspect Master Smiling Hawk is behind it all.
What do you think happened to Second Brother?
It would seem Master Radiant is up to his tricks again. Regardless, I can't fight you until you've defeated Sixth Brother. Is there something else I can do for you?
You're nothing but talk!
My skills are unmatched!
Now I'm better!
You... you've poisoned me?!
Now you die!
I... I can't hurt you?
I'll kill you if I can!
I won't die here!
Don't make me!
I'll fight!
I won't end this way!
I'll stop you!
I'm better now?
I'm... I'm dying!
You haven't been hurt?
I'll kill you!
Your style won't help!
You're not going anywhere!
No one saves you!
I've been poisoned!
That was quite a fight with Fifth Brother, Fourth Brother is eagerly awaiting his chance.
Good work defeating Sixth Brother. Now you can move on to Fifth Brother.
Is there something I can help you with in the meantime?
Didn't hurt?!
This is easy.
You'll get what's coming...
Now you'll go!
In your place!
You aren't going anywhere!
Your pain is my gain.
Huh. I'm better now.
That doesn't feel too good.
That'll shut you up!
Lower Chi Cost
Duration Increase
You can't stop me now!
Wh... what have you done to me?
I can't do anything?!
You won't do this!
I won't let you do this!
That's enough for you!
This can't happen!
I can last a little longer.
I... don't think I'll be able to go on...
Your defence is admirable.
No mercy!
I will defeat you!
The heavens watch us!
I am your destruction.
You lack experience.
I heal!
Your poison will not stop me!
A masterful blow!
Kill the Forest Shadow
Track down the fox spirit in her heaven and destroy her.
Death is your fate!
Divination
There is no inherent villainy in any martial action, only in the hearts of those who wield them. If you rely too much on simple force, then you cannot act without it.
The Black Whirlwind is needed for the defense of the Temple! He should head North and up the stairs to the Temple when he is done slaughtering enemies in the Temple Courtyard.
Is this the kind of style Master Li cautioned Gao against using?
Finally! Master Li has withheld such knowledge.
Always, but the bigger concern is your time. We should make our way to the Imperial City as quickly as we can. Let's focus on getting there for now.
We will give you one chance to aid us, or you will feed us. This crystal was torn from the temple of the cursed fox.
The hunter who is there now said that there would be some way to reach the fox if he could find this missing bauble. We kept it from him because he wished to aid the fox.
We are fast and silent when we need to be. He did not even know we were listening, that is the weakness of the thin bloods.
You are strong. If you agree to use this crystal to kill the fox, whatever it takes, we will give you a half-years tax worth of silver. A rich prize to kill a dying rodent.
Take the crystal, then! Take it and find a way to destroy the fox.
Well, that is quite the thing to ask, isn't it? Quite the thing, indeed. How are we to know we could trust you?
No, I do not entirely trust you with such plans.
The Masters will never hear of your passing.
I will never be defeated!
My strength returns.
You must know fox spirits can assume the forms of... humans? How can I trust you to not be one of her servants or the spirit herself?
For now, simply accept what little hospitality we can offer. These are hard times, but we would not dare treat a guest poorly.
My body is... weak...
Your end is near.
[Success] You are right. I suppose we will simply have to make sure you are properly motivated to help us.
[Success] Watching you fight made me think that you might be the one able to destroy the fox. We will simply make sure you are properly motivated to help us!
[Failure] Oh, I wouldn't dare to burden you with our concerns. It would stand me poorly as a host.
Come.
Come, we must return to Dirge.
A crystal? Ah, you know about it, do you?
I suppose there is no point in keeping it from you any longer. We hoped to keep it a secret, but it seems we will be tracked down no matter what we try.
Gem of Spikes
Guarding Gem of Stone
Heaven's Blessing Gem
Flawless Gem of Burning
Flawless Gem of Freezing
You should go to the temple to the west. Find a way to reach the fox and destroy her however you can. Succeed, and the silver will be yours! Now go!
How did you learn this?
Why make an offer to me?
Flawless Gem of Spikes
Flawless Gem of Earth
Flawless Gem of Storms
Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Flame can destroy, but it can also purify. Burning with inner fire and zeal, users of this gem find themselves more focused in battle and better able to tap their spirit's reserves.
This gem creates an ice armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts for 30 seconds, then disintegrates.
This gem creates a metallic armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 30 seconds, then disintegrates.
Body +5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*The earth cradles those who follow the Way of the Open Palm, lending the strength and endurance of mountains themselves to users of this gem.
Damage Shield*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds you in an aura of wind that damages any who attack you. Its effect is constant while the gem is equipped.
This gem creates a fire armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 60 seconds, then disintegrates.
This gem creates an ice armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 60 seconds, then disintegrates.
This gem creates a metallic armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 60 seconds, then disintegrates.
[Charm] How many visitors do you get here? Can you afford to let your mistrust turn me away?
[Intuition] I'm certain you want my help, otherwise you wouldn't have brought this plan up at all.
This gem creates a stone armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 60 seconds, then disintegrates.
If you don't trust me, I can seek answers elsewhere.
This gem creates an air armor that damages anyone hitting you with melee attacks. It lasts 60 seconds, then disintegrates.
Stop talking and get off the streets. The bandits are already here.
I knew it. We cannot trust this human!
I'm in search of a missing crystal from the temple.
That beast should never have woken up.
Typical. You see no further than the end of your fist.
Only one of your ilk would risk throwing the heavens into such confusion, though I wonder at where the power to attempt such a feat would come from.
It only mystifies you because you insist on seeing the best in these humans.
Hrm. Mind your tongue, human.
I think it's obvious what I have to do.
Be careful, I do not want you to be... misled by sources I cannot anticipate. Your people had warriors by that name. I regret that my actions caused their downfall.
Twenty years ago the Empire was mired in drought. Your people revered the Water Dragon, so their temple of Dirge was the ideal place to ask the heavens for help.
But the Water Dragon governed more than just moisture. The drought was part of the natural order, and not for mortals to alter. The Spirit Monks denied us access.
The Emperor was incensed. He asked me to plan a display of power that would force their compliance. As our armies marched, I realized how wrong we were.
He could not be dissuaded. I fled with you as the rest of your people were killed. You must discover for yourself what being the last of your kind means.
They were. I could not dissuade my brother, so I fled with you. You must discover for yourself what being the last of your kind means.
You have kept things from me. What is a Spirit Monk?
Did you try and stop your brother?
Too little, too late. You said my people were slaughtered.
I can continue.
You have poisoned me.
Your death comes.
Slave Driver
Pagoda Door
Inner Sanctum Door
Large Gates
My wounds... are healed!
My body... is failing!
Die, vermin!
We are not monsters! No, we are the servants of the Mother, an ancient and powerful demon!
She has taught us to eat the flesh of humans and our bodies have grown strong as a result! We are cannibals, and you will be our next meal!
You would have made a valuable ally, but you must not be allowed to aid the Forest Shadow or the hunter at the temple.
We do not trust the hunter at the temple, for instance. That is why we will not give him what he seeks.
Oh, please, it is nothing to concern yourself over. We would not trouble you with such a thing.
Good, good! I would be happy to help.
Yes, we have the missing crystal from the temple. We have kept it here, safe and away from the hunter.
Because we could not trust anyone else to have it!
Yes, we know this, but it must be used for the right reasons!
The hunter spoke of a ritual that would let him reach the Forest Shadow, but he is a fool! He thinks to find the fox and seek out her help. Her help!
She will not help anyone, least of all us at the inn. To save the hunter from his own folly we took the crystal before he could reach the temple.
That is it exactly!
Yes! You see, we did not know if we could trust you to kill the fox.
Threats? You should be careful of who you threaten.
Whatever the ritual does, if it reaches the Forest Shadow then we must take the opportunity to destroy her once and for all. He would not have taken that chance.
I must know that you will use it for the right reasons. You must kill the Forest Shadow. Do so, and I will give you a half year's worth of taxes in silver.
You could, though you would not find the silver. I am not fool enough to keep it out in the open when I run such a *fine* establishment.
If you wish the crystal, you must agree to help us. You must kill the fox. The silver is merely an incentive.
You will aid us. You must.
You should be more certain. The Forest Shadow is a blight upon this forest, and you must destroy her.
Since you possess such skill in combat, we will take a chance that you will do what is right. Our offer of silver stands firm.
You are a fool! The Forest Shadow is nothing next to us.
Hmm. Very well. Consider it a deal between us.
I have faith that you possess the skills to eliminate this cursed fox!
You are so very, very foolish.
You do not know who you dare to threaten, but you will. Yes, you will. Look upon us as we really are!
No, no. It is nothing for you to trouble yourself about. The fox is our problem, and we will deal with her as best we can. You should stay and be comfortable.
And I tell you that the only cure is to destroy the fox! But I do not believe you are committed to that course of action.
As loathe as I am to see you go before dinner, perhaps you could find more answers at her temple, instead of worrying about us.
It is a matter of caution. We mean no disrespect to you, but we must be careful. The fox is crafty, and it is likely she will try to stop us.
If you are so ardent to learn more, perhaps you should go to her temple, just down the hill to the west. It is not a safe place for us, or you for that matter, but you may learn something.
Of course. It is, as I said, nothing for you to trouble yourself about.
I wish you all the best. Travel safely and return here soon. We would welcome you for our evening meal.
This is why you want the fox dead! You're monsters!
I really need to know what you planned. Maybe I can help?
Forget it. Let's talk about something else.
Fine. I do have some questions for you.
I'll find my answers somewhere else.
Why were you keeping this?
That crystal is the key to reaching the Forest Shadow!
You stole the crystal to stop the ritual from being performed?
That explains why you didn't tell me about this before.
If you're smart, you'll just hand that crystal to me right now.
I could just kill you and take both the crystal and the silver.
If what you say is true, then it sounds as if I have no choice.
I won't take blood money, but I'm not leaving without that crystal.
[Lie] Give me the crystal, I'll make sure she's eliminated.
For that much silver, consider the fox dead.
I don't trust you. Give me the gem or I will take it.
Can we talk more about your plan to deal with the fox spirit?
The Forest Shadow *is* my problem. I need a cure for this forest.
I don't understand why you won't help me.
Forget your plan, let's go back to my other questions.
I knew it. You should have crushed him when he first arrived and was at least winded from facing the demons.
I knew we could not trust her. We should not have wasted our breath on this pretender to the Spirit Monks.
You will not make it that far. I will see to it.
Shining Tusk has been with me for centuries. He is my guardian, and my friend.
Humans expect all celestials to be like your flighty foxes, it seems.
Elephant demons are not noted for their humor. Shining Tusk is one of the most light-hearted of his kind. Be glad you did not meet him several centuries ago.
Woe betide anyone who called me *cod6*surly*cod6* back then. The Forest Shadow's brethren have worn away some of my stern nature.
The politics and structure of the Celestial Bureaucracy are staggeringly complex, so I won't waste time trying to explain the intricacies.
When I became the guardian of the Great Southern Forest, my responsibilities were such that it was deemed I needed his services.
It was an honor to become her guardian. She is not like any other fox spirit.
Is there anything else you would know?
You should ready yourself, Mistress. I do not trust them.
You are too quick to turn away potential allies, Shining Tusk. We know our enemy, this one may yet prove to be a friend.
Even with the Heavenly Gate Guardian here, I do not know that we can afford trust.
Chai Ka: From what I have sensed in the forest, you are right to be cautious.
I am not the only one, Guardian. You have much to contend with, it seems.
The Guardian doesn't have anything to else say. You should talk to the fox, and not worry about us. We're fine.
A friend who reeks of those beasts at the inn? Hmmph. Do what you wish, Mistress, but I will be watching.
You have just met my guardian, Shining Tusk. He is slow to trust, and quick to anger, but he will not harm you. Not without cause.
I mean you no harm.
What is he talking about, Chai Ka?
Do all spirits talk in riddles? If so, this will get tiresome.
Ancient Coffin
Post Collapse Fire
Tell me more about Shining Tusk.
Why is he so surly?
How is it that you have a guardian?
That's enough about Shining Tusk.
Curses, there were two of them weren't there? I should have known better than to let them stroll by.
They pulled up a small barge just around the bend and walked over to this beach. Tried to ask me some questions, but I shooed them away so I could clean the statue.
Then I hear there's bandits coming. Twenty years ago, I'd have put together that those were scouts. I'm sure you taught them a lesson.
I just spotted bandits in town. They were asking questions.
I will keep my eye on you, mortal.
Try nothing that would disturb me.
I will protect the Forest Shadow with my life.
Talk to the Forest Shadow. I must remain vigilant.
Nice little town you have here. Not a lot of guards, are there? How are your stocks of food?
I don't know you. Why are you asking me all these questions?
This town isn't well guarded. Forget it, let's just start looting. We'll get first crack at the good stuff.
You're right, this isn't worth it.
It didn't hurt??
Enough of you!
Your last mistake!
I'm gonna crush you!
I'm gonna enjoy this!
This... is bad.
See what you get?!
This building is Gujin's place. As soon as we can, we should see him to arm ourselves.
That's odd. Did I just hear something moving in that cave?
Your defeat is assured!
No effect?!
Fighting is life.
This ends in death.
No one beats me!
This'll be fun!
I'll beat you!
Healed! I won't stop!
I'm... weakened...
That should end it!
Can't hurt?
Kill!
Dead!
Your die!
Crush your head!
Squish like bug!
Pain... smaller...
Blood... burn...
Hraah!
You are most skillful to defend.
Your skills cannot save you.
Nothing can stop me.
One must fall!
Your final mistake is made.
No talk! Only death!
I heal and can continue.
Poison! How... annoying.
Death comes swiftly!
I have underestimated you.
This ends in death!
I will not be beaten!
Your time is done!
Fate sets us apart!
Blood is spilled!
I heal! I will not be beaten!
You have... weakened my body.
Tough to eat?!
Meat!
Feed!
Eat you!
Tear bit by bit!
Mother hungers!
More for stew!
Better! Eat more now!
Belly... hurts!
Kill! Kill! Kill!
You feel no pain?
You'll feel my pain!
All die!
Your death is mine!
I cannot be beaten!
I am better!
A little poison won't stop me!
Pain! Death!
The Jade Empire: an ancient land, steeped in wonder. Long ago, the Great Dragon shaped the Empire's borders from the void, and every flower, every work of man, reflects the influence and glory of the heavens.
Nothing personal, but we need food and supplies.
Percival! A towel!
Bollocks and codswallop, a miss!
Huzzah!
Tallyho!
Right! Have at you!
Plebeian jackanape!
I'll have you bleeding new!
A plague on you!
That's a bit of all right.
Bugger!
Sod it!
Bloody hell!
Merry hell, a treacherous poison.
That shook your marrowbones, I'll wager!
It will stop the main force, but flyers don't stop at bridges. Our friends at the temple may have only gained a few minutes.
Damn it! They've given us a few minutes all right! Dawn Star and the Princess did their job too well.
That's better!
Just shut up, and get ready!
Why can't I hurt you?
I'll prove myself!
You won't be difficult!
Everyone will see me beat you!
My style will beat you!
I... I can go on!
You poisoned me!
Haah!
So that didn't work, did it?
You're going down now!
Nothing you can do will beat me!
This will end quickly.
Don't try to resist!
This fight ends now!
Gah! You poisoned me!
That had to hurt!
This is your last fight!
No way you can beat me!
You can't resist me!
The fight is over!
I can keep going! I'm healed!
I.. won't last long... Poison.
See?! Take that!
That didn't work... but I adapt!
This is *my* fight!
You won't get up!
No more practice!
My wounds are healed!
That... was a low trick...
See my strength!
I WILL hurt you!
I burn brightly!
You'll burn!
Maggot!
Death comes!
You'll never have my head!
You'll scream soon!
You think poison will stop me?
Scream while you burn!
Why won't you die?
You won't take my baby!
You can't do this!
You'll join me, forever!
Love is eternal!
I renew myself!
You.. you think this will stop me?!
I won't be cast down!
Purchase
Sell
[Place the blue figurine on the altar]
Reorder
Fists are useless while you can restore him. I'll turn his spirit against you!
That's enough!
I didn't think we'd win, but it was an honor to face you. Thank you very much.
I'm shocked that we managed to win. I'm sure you were holding back for our benefit.
Be careful. Master Li says that losing can be a habit learned all too quickly. Real battles can be deadly.
We have to go. Smiling Mountain's going to be teaching a class soon, and then we have weapons training.
Oh, senior student! Not too many people come back here this time of day, so we thought we'd take a moment to practice.
Would you like to join us? We could team up against you and learn from the best!
Hello again!
Have you changed your mind? Maybe a quick match against us both? It would certainly help our studies.
With all due respect, we would be no challenge for you individually. We could learn much from seeing how you deal with more than one opponent.
Smiling Mountain usually lets us fight in groups if he has enough students available, but learning from you is a chance I wouldn't want to pass up.
If you have time, that is. I would not wish to impose.
We should keep practicing. We have a weapons training session later this afternoon. Perhaps one of the others, like Wen or Lin, could help you?
If you wanted to help us practice in a match against us both, of course, we would be most honored.
This is good news! We'll try to go easy on you.
Of course. Thank you for taking the time to speak with us. If you change your mind, we will still be here a while.
Why the unfair odds?
Could I ask you some questions instead?
I could spare a moment or two, certainly.
I'll leave you to your practices.
I've got to stay focused, or she'll defeat me.
If you want to join us, it would be an honor.
Not many people come back here, but it's a nice place to spar.
I know you're busy, but join us for one match.
Bring it to the doors of the inner chamber. Finish whatever business you have in this place. Grand Inquisitor Jia may... alter your duties.
Your master is gone. If you perform well, perhaps you will assume his duties. If you test my patience, perhaps you will join him.
I have the spirit shard now.
Will I be compensated?
Why? You dare to question *my* motivations? You are a worm before me.
I do not care for this forest. It could sicken, blacken, burn, freeze, and re-grow a thousand times, and I could care less. Trees make no choices.
I am no mere ghost! I am what your kind call a red minister--I am more than that!
At this exact instant? I'm sorry, but if I'm going to be honest--and I think that honesty is the best policy here--then I can't tell you.
You inspire the occasional... distracted moment, and who am I to fly in the face of decorum?
Probably, though I have high hopes that one day I'll rectify that situation.
Only time will provide a solution. We'll just have to wait and see how things turn out.
Maybe a little of both? We'll just have to wait and see how the cards fall, won't we?
Hmm, good point. Still, there are some things better left unsaid. It makes them that much more intriguing.
I'll never tell. If I did, you'd stop doing whatever it is, wouldn't you? That would be a shame.
Oh, it wasn't *that* bad. Well... it was a little bad, but I couldn't resist teasing you.
It's not that I don't want to talk, but I know time is of the essence, and I'd hate to hold you up.
I'd be more comfortable if we made some more progress towards the palace before I use up any more of your time with my thoughts.
I am known as Bladed Thesis, and I know what brings you here. You seek the bridge to the Zither of Discord! Tell me what you see out here and perhaps it shall be yours.
You... do? Were it in my nature, I'd be humbled by your response. You walk the Way of the Closed Fist as well as any I have ever met.
Thinking something you shouldn't be, Sky?
How do you intend to achieve that goal?
Which situation? The thoughts, or that you shouldn't be having them?
Since when have you been concerned with decorum?
Just how am I inspiring these distractions?
Whoa, down, boy. That's more than I wanted to know.
Ghosts and poorly trained acolytes are no measure of competence.
We have no time to waste on you, acolyte. More important duties await.
Master Shin will soon inspect a new slave shipment in the hall, and we must be ready to answer his summons.
Our *cod6*training session*cod6* will have to wait for another day. Consider it a *short* reprieve.
We will evaluate you another day, acolyte.
Leave us. Our master will soon move to the hall and we must wait for his summons.
Well, hello... hello there. Sorry... you just caught me in the middle of eating. Ha! Who am I kidding... I'm always eating. What can I do for you?
Ah... I am Chai Jin, master cook... and a master of enjoying the fruits of my labor, as my sizable girth would suggest. You've never had food like mine before, I'll wager.
If you are really daring, I have one last dish that I haven't even had the nerve to try myself. I'm sure it's safe.... I think. Well, there's no telling how it might affect us.
This new dish has no name yet, or at least none that I can pronounce. I learned it from a loud, annoying foreign man I met in the Imperial City.
I would dearly love to try it, but I'm afraid I've sampled too much of Shengdang's finest today to try something this exotic. The stomach can only take so much, you see.
My uncle died trying too many new dishes in a short period. It's a risk all Shangdang cooks face. The mastery of the art comes in knowing when to stop.
Excellent. Now, if you can, try to describe the taste to me, and what it does to you... and remember, this is for posterity, so please... be honest.
You survived! What I wouldn't give to have you around my kitchen back home. Simply astounding!
Well, how did it taste? What did it do to you?
Every aspect? Now that is dangerous, indeed, but highly intriguing. There are few dishes short of poison that have that capability.
Please, take your silver, and take this. It's a small trinket that belonged to my family. I have no use for it, and you've certainly earned it.
Really? Well, maybe it would be safe for me to try... just a bite.
[Success] Yes... I suppose you're right. All right, I'll give it a try.
[Success] Yes... I probably will. All right, I'll try it first.
[Failure] No, I don't think I should. It's too dangerous.
[Success] All right, all right. There's no need to get that way. I'll try it first.
Well, here goes.
Well, that wasn't so bad... definitely different. I... I can see why... why someone... might... oh, oh.
Fair enough, you've certainly earned it. Here you go. Now, if you'll excuse me, I should get back to my creations. Good fortune to you.
Well, you've tried two dishes, but not three. Of course, you must try all three in a row to earn your silver back. Are you sure you wouldn't like one last dish?
Well, two dishes is better than most, but you didn't eat three. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'd like to finish these testicles before they get cold and begin to shrink.
Are you sure? You must consume three dishes in a row to get your silver back. Are you sure you wouldn't like to try one of the dishes?
As you wish. Well, one dish is more than most people will try. Now, if you'll excuse me, I think I'm going to have some jellied eels.
Oh, so soon? Well, if you must go... then go you must. Come back if you'd like to sample some of my dishes.
Hello again... have you decided to try some of my dishes, after all?
As you wish. Please return if you change your mind.
Wake up...  wake up. Are you all right? I'm afraid the food must have gotten to you.\n
[Sigh] Well, perhaps our food is just too potent for anyone not familiar with it. Nevertheless, you gave it a try.
Ahh... hello again. Too bad you couldn't stomach all the dishes I offered. Would you like to try again? It will of course cost you another 300 silver, ingredients aren't cheap.
Ha, ha! Right you are. Well, when you're a master chef, it can be hard to resist your own creations. I am Chai Jin, at your service.
It's too bad that people outside my home of Shangdang county cannot seem to stomach the delicacies that I prepare. They truly don't know what they're missing.
I was recently at the Imperial City, and not one person there could eat so much as two of my dishes. Such weak constitutions, all of them.
The food from my county can have some... unusual effects on people.
Perhaps you could, though I should warn you... the foods from my county can have some... unusual effects on people.
I assure you... I prepare my dishes with mastery and skill unlike any other. Unfortunately, the food from my county can have some... unusual effects on people.
For example, this dish of roasted cow heart sautéed with bile of leopard has a particularly nasty effect on one's constitution.\n
Other dishes like my monkey's brain stew can have a negative effect on the workings of the mind. Still others can deplete one's spirit.
It can be quite dangerous if you eat too much of one type of food... or if you are particularly weak in certain areas of your character.
You're a stout one, aren't you, but let's make this more interesting. Anyone can eat food, but could you eat three of my dishes do you think?
Remember though, these dishes tend to take a little out of you. I will describe the dishes that affect constitution first, followed by those that affect mind, and then spirit.
Of course, I'll eat along with you, so you know it's safe. First we have roasted bear heart, monkey brain stew, or shark spleen soup. It's fresh shark, mind you.
You survived that well. You must be quite healthy indeed.
Ahh... you have a strong mind I see. Good, good.
Ah, good to see you survived that first dish. Your spirit is indeed strong.
Now, the next three dishes are a bit more potent. Be careful what you choose.
We have pickled haunch of deer served with brown beetle paste, cold eagle eye soup, and jellied eels stuffed with fermented seaweed. Take your pick.
Excellent. Your strength is remarkable.
Your presence of mind is astounding.
You have a stout spirit. Quite remarkable.
And so we move on to the last dishes. These are some of the most notorious recipes in Shangdang county. Choose carefully.
We have boiled ox testicles smothered in a succulent cream sauce, curdled porcupine bladder in clabbered rat's milk, and raw alligator eggs served in warmed goat's gall.
Fantastic! Three dishes and you're still standing. You are the first person outside of Shangdang county to ever consume that much of my cooking.
I couldn't possibly keep your silver after such an excellent display of digestive fortitude. I will gladly give back your 300 silver... or we could make this interesting.
I'm sure I can keep my mind focused. Let me try some of the eagle eye soup.
They might be hard on my spirit, but the jellied eels sound tasty.
I'm feeling healthy. I'll take two of the testicles please.
I'm sure my mind can take it, and I could really go for one of those bladders.
I'd like an alligator egg please. My spirit will be fine, I'm sure.
Tell me more, I might be interested.
How about you try it first, and then I'll try it?
I have a feeling this is going to hurt, but fine, I'll try it first. Here's your 300 silver.
It depleted every aspect of my being! That's dangerous stuff.
[Lie] It was less painful than the other dishes. You should try it.
[Charm] You're a master at this. I'm sure you'll be okay.
[Intuition] If I try it before you do, you'll regret it later.
[Intimidation] You try it first, or I'm not touching it.
I think I'll just take my money and go then.
I'm done. I can't eat any more.
No! I've had enough.
I think I'm done actually.
No. I'm done.
I think I've changed my mind. I should go, thanks.
Sounds interesting, but I think I should be going.
Yes, I'd like to try some.
No, thanks. I should be going.
You don't look like you need much more to eat.
Why don't people like your food?
I bet I could eat more than two of your dishes.
Maybe you're just a bad cook.
I'll try your food!
I'm not afraid of a little indigestion.
Fair enough. Here's your 300 silver.
I'll test my body's constitution with the roasted bear heart first.
My mind's up to the task. Give me some of the monkey brain stew.
It's strange that it would affect my spirit, but shark spleen soup sounds good.
My body can handle the haunch of deer. Give me that next.
I expect great things of you. Not many of our recruits possess both the skills to become Executioners and the personality to attract such a loyal band of followers.
Indeed? Many others think that they are above the norm when they join us, as if acceptance elevates their status. You will learn that conformity to our ways will serve you better.
Do not feign ignorance with me. A blind and deaf man would notice the arrival of a group as large as yours, and my order misses nothing.
Spoken like a true Lotus Assassin!
I am well aware of those who come with you. Their strengths... and their weaknesses. You inspire loyalty in most of those who follow you. That will serve you well.
Am I? Or do you doubt your own abilities to deal with them if they prove treacherous? In time you will see that your loyalty to our order is all that matters.
Good. Use them and discard them if they become weak. That is the way.
You will find that I am no ordinary recruit.
They are tools that have their occasional uses.
Are you saying someone isn't loyal to me?
They will serve me well, or they will suffer the consequences.
You... why would you side with him? Master Radiant was worried this might happen... the Smiling Hawk can be persuasive.
[The altar is less ornate than the statue, and was replaced many times after frustrated or deliberate outbursts from students, but that, too, is part of the exercise.]
[There is mention of greater reward for the more investigative path, but that was probably an additional element of the test performed by the master who placed it.]
[You cannot recall Master Li ever referring to this statue. Different masters prefer different methods of teaching.]
[Examine the markings on the lion.]
Go now and challenge First Brother. Finish him off and then destroy Master Radiant as well.
Do not return until they are both eliminated.
Here, powerful spirits lurk just below the surface, and masters of mind and body channel the primal forces of nature. The threat of great chaos is ever present, but the people have always trusted their emperor to ensure that the Empire is the center of the civilized world, a cultural wellspring in a sea of barbarity.*cod2*
The Sun Dynasty has spanned generations, ruling without strife until the Long Drought brought the Empire to its knees with a decade of thirst. But the untested Emperor Sun Hai would not stand idle while his legacy withered and died.
When he declared the drought over, somehow it was. The twenty years since have been unmatched in prosperity, although rumors circulate of dark deals and of men stepping beyond their station.
Far from the troubled heart of the Empire is Two Rivers, the home you came to as an orphan. Here you have trained in the martial arts, your skills honed by a master who teaches much while saying little.
Your questions are met with silence, but perhaps, as you near the end of your training, answers will finally find you.
He brings a siege golem. It pushed through the gates like a child walks through reeds. What hope do we have?
He is coming. Death's Hand is coming!
Your Master's a fine man, and he's managed to salvage a few of you students, which is more than most would manage working with your generation.
[An inscription, almost completely worn down by time and the elements, describes the purpose of the thirteen statues.]
[Here lies Monk An Daoquan, the first Spirit Monk of Dirge, and his twelve brothers. In return for their faithful service, the Water Dragon set these thirteen aside.]
[These thirteen monks never traveled the journey to the underworld, but instead became one with the Water Dragon herself.]
She came in, asked to meditate, and then killed the first person who came near her. Master Smiling Hawk wants nothing to do with her.
Don't order me around, mother. I don't have to listen to you anymore.
What have you done? I have to catch her. My daughter....
I'm glad you're safe, mother.
I don't think now's really the time. You have more pressing things to attend to.
Of course, though I'm not sure you can learn much more by facing me. You're clearly the stronger of the two of us.
It would be an honor! Are you sure you have time?
Excellent! Let's find a quieter spot to spar. Once we're finished, I'll have to return here and continue my meditations.
If you change your mind, I'd be happy to practice with you.
Thank you for the match.
Would you be interested in sparring?
I can always use the practice. Let's begin.
On second thought, maybe not right now.
Don't you think there's more important things than practice right now? Suddenly, everything feels so real.
Am I interested in you defeating me again, like you so often do?\n
Oooh, of course I am! Imagine the gossip if we keep *cod6*studying together.*cod6* I don't know how much more you can learn from facing me, but I'm game if you are.
I suppose I could humble myself for another match, though I'm not sure there's much more you can learn by facing me.
Of course! I have to keep practicing if I'm going to be able to best you one day, aren't I?
Excellent! Let's see if we can use Smiling Mountain's sparring ground. Once we're done, I'll wander back here if you need me again.
Scared? No, of course not, but I can dream, can't I?
It was a pleasure to face you.
Let's begin.
Maybe not right now.
Hmm? Yes? I'm a bit busy fiddling about with my thoughts.
I found my way to Tien's Landing quite by accident. A very big accident. A few wealthy merchants lost some, ah, property, and I almost lost my hat... and my head.
Gao the Greater heard about my inventions and bribed some officials to effect my release. I thought I had found a nice rich benefactor, but I was locked away in his lair.
He gave me a nice workshop... but he really was a fool. I showed him my wind map. He didn't care where it led. He was only interested in his slaves.
I don't believe in wasting time talking, but some things are important.
It shows where I've been, not where I'm going. I think. I made it on my journey to... here. But I don't quite remember where I was traveling from. Hmm... not good.
It seems to me I left something... a clue for myself... but I'm not sure why I'd need to. I don't suppose you'd be interested in taking a short trip back the way I came?
Well, let's see, then. It must lead to where I was last, which would be the ideal place to go first.
We should talk when you have a moment.
What? Oh, very well, I'll try to remember on my own. Let me know if you change your mind. I would be most interested to follow up on this.
I think we're waiting around for nothing. We have the Inscrutable Power Source, the wind map, and the flyer. The Imperial City won't fly its way to us!
No, no, no... not now. I'm almost through with my calculations for a... [sigh]. I've forgotten it again! Go, go, go... I have nothing more to say for now.
What situation? Did something happen? I had nothing to do with whatever it was, all my explosives are stored and accounted for... somewhere.
Ah, you mean our current state of affairs. Well, you still don't have the wind map to the Imperial City. We definitely need that. Without it, boom! Short trip.
Now, have you seen a bright yellow snake? I need the venom for a... hmm... now that I think of it, that's incredibly dangerous. Forget I said anything. Watch your step.
Well, if you want to reach the Imperial City you still need an Inscrutable Power Source for the Marvelous Dragonfly. It's too far to hop our way there.
Off you go. I'll start planning some redesigns for the Dragonfly. Maybe... maybe floats made of air bladders. Sheepskin, of course.
Our flight was great fun. Lots of explosions, but what does it mean? I think it's a clue. I hid something in my head, because I was going to lose my memory... I think.
None, and I am *very* good at remembering things. At least, I think I am. I can't remember for certain. The map could lead anywhere. So we should let it.
We should speak, you and I.
I would talk with you a moment.
Ah, I'm looking forward to this. Remembering things long forgotten is like getting to open a gift twice!
What... oh, well then, I'll just think on it while you do... whatever it is you do.
One thing for certain, there was no destination. We ended where we began. The route was the important part! Let me show you what it inspired me to make!
It's a... well, it's a... I'm not sure what it is, but it has a lever on it that is begging to be pulled.
When we next have a moment, I want to speak with you.
Eh, what? Don't think? Sounds good. Here we go!
There's only one way to find out. Well, there's probably one or two, but who has time to dig an artillery trench? Here we go.
And... nothing. Right? We're not dead, I think. That is decidedly disappointing. I was expecting... something. I must still need a part I can't remember.
I need some time to think, to get my brain straightened out. This is most intriguing... and infuriating. Give me... give me some time.
Tell me about yourself. I want to learn more about you.
This wind map doesn't lead to the Imperial City?
You have a wind map? Where to?
All right. Let's go.
No, I'm not interested in flying right now.
Do you have any idea where this wind map leads?
All right, let's go.
I don't want to follow the map right now.
Okay, that should be interesting.
Wait! No! I don't think that's a good idea.
Are you sure this is safe?
Exit to Inner Courtyard
Good, good. My beautiful Dragonfly will finally get a real test. Let's hope those modifications hold up.
Ha! Marvels! You do have it! I truly wondered if my... or your, Dragonfly would ever soar in the distant heavens. I'll make the changes immediately.
That's it... you have everything you need. Just let me know when you want to go, and we'll set the Marvelous Dragonfly to flight!
We have what we need. Let's go to the Imperial City.
I found the Inscrutable Power Source.
Temple Crystal
This large gem isn't made of a valuable material, but it was cut in a very specific way, as if designed for a particular setting. The edges of the crystal are slightly discolored and smell vaguely of moss.
You're tough!
You won't escape me!
Time to die!
Just die quietly!
This is what you deserve!
I'm stronger than you!
I've healed.
How could you... poison me?
I told you!
You are skilled to resist, mortal.
Your time has come.
A mortal cannot resist me!
Such arrogance from a lesser creature.
This is the will of heaven.
You will not survive!
It ends, mortal.
I am renewed.
Yours tricks have slowed me, but I will not stop!
Once you have the evidence to incriminate Death's Hand as a traitor, I will present you to my father in the palace.
We should return to your group before you set out for the Lotus Assassin fortress. Everyone should be prepared.
I don't want you to think I have forgotten your needs.
We would be here for days, and you likely know the most prominent anyway: Sagacious Tien, the first emperor, founder of the Jade Empire, and builder of the Wall.
Khor Miah the Swift Arrow--Defender of the First Age and commander of the borderlands during the Horselord incursions.
Seng Si the Broken Bough, the first woman to rule openly. She changed more in a single valiant battle than many others did with entire campaigns.
Perhaps I don't act like a proper princess, but a well-mannered Heavenly Lily would be useless in these times. The Empire needs fighters, not flowers.
We don't have time for talk. We must take the fight to your master. The Empire cannot continue like this.
I didn't expect such reverence for tradition from you.
I need something stable in my life. I couldn't bear to lose you again. Not after all of this.
Nothing has changed. You are who you are.
This information gives us power. Master Li will not expect it.
I was watched... studied. If someone's ox died within a season of me bumping my head, it was somehow my fault, and I was treated like a pariah.
You are an exceptional young woman. Your strikes are strong, and you make them with purpose. You will go far in this life. In fact....
Ha! What kind of question is that? Are you sure you understand the philosophy you live?
Face me, prove that you are worthy of the style I would teach, or leave us to our game. It does not matter to me.
The statue of the hero. A shining symbol of sacrifice.\n
Look upon it and feel gratitude for all the prosperity we have.
I am healed!
Poison. An... admirable tactic.
This is your death!
For the Water Dragon!
I will destroy you!
I must end this!
You will be purged.
Destroy the infidels!
To the underworld with you!
I will be revenged!
You will be destroyed.
I am strong again.
You... have tainted me.
Ha, ha!
Evil cannot prevail!
I am a patient man by nature, but this is getting dull.
We have much to accomplish. Let's keep moving.
Inaction is the downfall of the foolish.
I am growing weak.
Your defense is strong.
I am no easy prize!
Fool!
I won't be sold!
Your path ends!
Fight me!
Your head is mine!
Your defense is impressive.
Your shall be tested.
This challenge I seek.
Your style won't defeat me!
My strength is proven!
I won't be beaten so easily.
You have corrupted my body!
This fight is *over*!
Your flesh is tough...
I will feed on your strength!
Such a delicious morsel!
Brains!
Feast on your flesh!
Tear you to pieces!
Feed! Feed!
I can feed again!
My body aches...
You defend well.
Your choice of fight was a bad one.
You can't beat me!
This won't end well for you.
No one has ever beaten me!
I'm more than you can handle!
This ends.
My wounds are not as bad as they appear.
*sigh* *choke*
Ya Zhen: Why must we wait needlessly?
Ya Zhen: Standing around is not the path to power...
Ya Zhen: Scream for me, little girl. *Wild Flower screams*
I *will* stop you.
You must be stopped.
I will stop you.
I will protect our school.
Death before dishonor.
I will destroy you.
For Master Radiant!
My injuries will not hinder me!
You... use devious tactics.
You will *not* succeed.
Hah! A skillful block!
Your defeat is here!
The Sung brothers!
I *want* to fight!
This is easy!
Play for the crowd!
My wounds heal!
My body weakens from within!
A crushing blow!
You are skilled in defence.
Have at you!
You won't have my head!
They'll never take me alive!
Prepare to die!
To the pain!
I was *pretending* to be injured!
To die... in the rain...
A dramatic finish!
We should keep moving. It would be most impolite to miss an appointment with the Emperor himself.
I'm staying here for what I like to call *cod6*safety.*cod6* If you want to take a jaunt out of here, let me know. Other than that, I'm staying put.
[START MOVIE]
We were beaten. All around me, my fellow Spirit Monks were dying. But I hoped to save you, a pure and innocent child, from sharing our fate.
I gave you to a young monk. I bade him retrieve the amulet from the temple and flee the battle, so you would live to one day reclaim your heritage.
I tried to hold the attackers at bay. Prince Kin, the Emperor's youngest brother, attacked me, but I disarmed him.
And then Sun Li, your Master Li, cut me down from behind.
The Emperor ascended unopposed, but already Sun Li and Prince Kin plotted against him. The Glorious Strategist was not content to watch his brother come to power.
Emperor Sun Hai, ruler of the Jade Empire, stepped beyond his station and slew the Water Dragon... claiming her power for his own.
His brothers tried to strike him down, but they could not know he would be so strong. Infused with the Water Dragon's power, he was now unbelievably powerful.
Sun Li escaped with his life, but he left his brother, Prince Kin, to suffer the Emperor's terrible vengeance.
Sun Li had failed, but he was not done. A Spirit Monk child still lived. If you and the amulet were the key to defeating his brother, he might still claim that power.
He killed your guardian, claiming his identity. No longer a servant of the Emperor, Li abandoned his fearsome armor to become the Master you thought you knew.
Li disappeared with you and the amulet, escaping the Emperor's retribution. Prince Kin was not so fortunate.\n
With his newfound power, the Emperor, as a taunt to his traitorous brother, bound Kin's spirit to the armor Li had left behind... and Death's Hand was born.
[END MOVIE]
You were the last of the Spirit Monks. Sun Li saw our attempt to save you as confirmation of your importance. He believed you were meant to restore what he helped steal.
He trained you to be an instrument of vengeance, an agent to succeed where he and Prince Kin had failed. But with your death, the Emperor is now invincible.
Then the Glorious Strategist has won. You were the last of the Spirit Monks, but now you are just a ghost, like the rest of us. No one is left to oppose Sun Li.
You spoke with the Water Dragon? Of course! Only she could guide your spirit to Dirge, while all others must wander the mortal world.
So, there is still hope. She must have regained some of her power when the Emperor died. But she will remain weak until the fountains are purified.
I worried that our last hope had died with you. But now I see. You have come to restore the fountains of Dirge... the first step in restoring the Water Dragon herself!
As leader of the Spirit Monks in life, I am bound by honor and duty to aid you in this task. I swear I will not abandon you until the fountains of Dirge are restored!
You forget that you are a ghost yourself. In any case, I serve the Water Dragon. You must succeed for her sake, so I will help you... whether you wish it or not.
There are foul things in Dirge: demons and corrupted spirits guard the fountains. I am not strong enough to defeat them myself, but I will aid you against them.
I can guide you here in Dirge, this lost home of yours. I know the monastery well and will do everything in my power to help you restore the fountains.
Master Li has the power of the Water Dragon now.
I defeated the Emperor... then Li betrayed me.
The Water Dragon still believes there is hope.
The Water Dragon said you would help me.
The Water Dragon will bring me back if I restore the fountains of Dirge.
I'm honored to have you with me.
I don't need the help of a ghost.
Time grows short. Let's get started.
I see why he is called the Glorious Strategist. Now he has a god's power.
With that in mind, I give you... a copy of the Duchess of Ulmsbottom's Rules of Engagement. I'm sure it will sharpen you up even more than you are.
You lot are always on about your spirit. Well, we have a saying: to balance the soul, equalize pressure. I will share knowledge of trepanation!
The skull is the soul's prison. Drill to set it free. Not too deep, mind you. If there's more on the bore than in the skull you'll cut your vocabulary in short order.
Here, a bauble I found with a nice weight. It was wasted on some roadside bidet. The locals acted as though I'd relieved myself on a bleedin' shrine to all of creation.
I just don't understand this place.
I have waited here many years for the arrival of one special fighter. Your master, Sun Li, bid me to wait until you, his protégé, came seeking information.
The Glorious Strategist was certain the path to the Imperial City would bring you here. He was also very specific about how I present my information to you. You must be ready.
This technique has both a negative and a positive effect. These effects are permanent. Do you still wish to purchase it?
I served under Sun Li and was one of a few soldiers he trusted enough to contact after Dirge fell. Li knew the events there would have great consequences.
He told me of the weeks-long siege, and how Spirit Monks were slaughtered so his brother could take their temple. It was madness... the Emperor killed the Water Dragon itself!
You had a flyer? You're right, I doubt he anticipated that. The Glorious Strategist accounts for every possibility within the known conditions. Had you simply flown past....
Well, I... do not want to contemplate that. My time here would have meant little. I served under Sun Li and was trusted enough to be contacted after Dirge fell.\n
I am charged with finding the protégé of a dear friend. With the river preventing travel, you must be from further out on the borderlands, the direction he said to look.
After seeing you fight, I have no doubt. I fought under his command, I see his teachings in your moves. Sun Li is your master, and you are the one I am to meet.
As Sagacious Zu mentioned, my name is Hui. Tell me, young woman. What is your master's name?
I choose to believe that my service was valuable and vital. You would have come here eventually. The amulet would draw you, at least.
As Sagacious Zu mentioned, my name is Hui. Tell me, young man. What is your master's name?
I trained under Master Li of Two Rivers.
He must have given his orders long ago. You are very loyal. Or foolish.
This is too convenient. Master Li could not anticipate I would crash here!
Mind of Steel
My master's true name is Sun Li the Glorious Strategist.
Why do you have an interest in that?
What if my flyer had functioned properly? You'd have waited for nothing.
Restore the Second Fountain
Go back to the second fountain and restore it.
The Minion of Suffering is destroyed, but a greater threat awaits you in the temple. The actions of the Emperor and Sun Li allowed something chaotic and alien to enter Dirge. You must use the seal to restore the second fountain before the Water Dragon can restore you.
Meet the Executioner in the arena, or go back to your flyer to meet with the Inquisitor. Hurry or you'll lose your chance to help your master.
Changing this option will change the option for all saved games. Continue?
According to Merchant Hing, Fen's kidnappers are somewhere in the marsh.
Master Li looked surprised. He doesn't see you lose very often. I didn't expect to beat you. No doubt you were focused on technique and got distracted.
Heavens, no!
It's so awful! They killed him!
I heard a terrible scream! Are the bandits here yet?
Select Style
Remove Style
But he has my mother! And I don't know where he's taken her. If you kill him, we might never find my mother.
No! I don't want to risk it... my mother is the only one I have left. I'd rather die in the tombs than risk my mother's life.
Why don't I just get rid of Purveyor Shouji for you?
Don't worry. I'll kill the Purveyor and find your mother.
Can I ask you some questions then?
Eww.
Yes, I am, you great behemoth. Looks like I'm going to need a lot more supplies if I'm supposed to keep you fed.
Heh, sure, whatever. But you know I pay well for my jobs, and I have plenty to sell. If you want what I can offer, you always know where to find me.
It's horrible that you've been stealing from the dead!
I have what it takes. I'll do your job.
If you won't leave them alone, I'll end your life now!
I think it's wrong that you've been stealing from the graves here!
Quit level up process and lose upgrade selections?
Tomb of the Forgotten Scholar
Tomb of the Masses
You set this pace; my words are wasted on you, but Dawn Star might be convinced to be more sensible.
If I required your approval, I'm sure I would be grateful.
If I felt the need to prove my ability, he'd be dead. *cod6*My kind*cod6* does not consider *cod6*his kind*cod6* at all.
Ha! I think we both know that isn't true... your highness. But you've impressed me enough with your skills that I won't force the issue.
No concern for the rest of us, Zu?
He has a point, Princess. Your kind is not considered formidable.
Some of these new fights can be delightfully savage.
Damn it, I want more blood down there.
That last fight was disgusting! Where's Breezes?
No, no... I think you will be most impressed with what I have to teach you.
Yes, well... like most things in life, we simply must work with what we've got.
**NOT USED
Hurry... kill them all before they kill us.
I can't fight ghosts... why is he sending me to do this?
I haven't seen any myself, but they are there. I have friends who have seen them and others have... disappeared. It is more than mere rumors.
That's why I've chosen to take Fuyao to the wilderness. At least there we'll have a fighting chance.
Can you tell me more about the pirates?
Where are those mercenaries?
An arsonist running loose in this city, and I don't have enough men to track her.
These bounties won't collect themselves.
As you travel the Jade Empire, you will meet many interesting people who are drawn to your destiny, from mysterious hermits to bloodthirsty warriors. Your followers all have stories of their own, and if you take the time to speak with them, you will learn much about the Jade Empire, your quest, and yourself.\n
This style has no effect. I must try something else.
I must purge these poisons.
That's how it's done!
I must tend to these wounds.
Sure, show me your items.
This is the map of your local area. It tracks important people and places, and you can view a legend of the icons by clicking the Legend button. Plot Givers are particularly important characters with whom you will definitely want to speak.
What is there to say? I just hope that, by killing her, you've removed the true cause of the blight that affects these trees. It seems odd that she would have been responsible.
She was a wonder to behold. We are all fortunate to have met her. You have done a great thing here.
You have come closer than I to finding a way to reach her. Would she not be the best one to ask?
Gate to Temple Courtyard
Temple Courtyard
Waterfall
Exit to Dirge
Gravedigger Shen's
Tomb of Ji Xin
The Pagoda
Unfinished Bridge
Soul Extractor Acolyte
Hall of Induction
Exit to Necropolis
Golem Mixer and Crane Acolyte
Ritual Chamber
Inner Chamber
Prison Cells
Abandoned Tombs
This passage is sealed behind you. You must continue forward.
Tomb of the Dragon
Tomb Entrance
Palace Dragonfly Gate
The Great Spire
Camp Site
Boathouse
Merchant Area
Beggar's Pier
Bridge to Dam
Covered Bridge
Imperial Watch Tower
Quarry Entrance
Drained
Dam Path
Abandoned Orphanage
Lotus Assassin Camp
He... he pushed a young boy into the river outside of town. It was fast moving and would have swept the child away, but he managed to grab hold of a rock.
Why indeed? In the intervening years, I've come to believe that it was more than simple horseplay. There was a gleam in my young man's eye that I cannot forget.
How can you be so cold?
The weak often make themselves targets.
Whether that moment was mine or not no longer matters. I've done far worse since, always hoping to forget what happened. As if the cries of others would drown out that child's.
I have followed his life since that day, as I descended into my world and he climbed the ranks in the Imperial Army.
That is why I have come here now. I am tired of my life, but at least I have lived it! He deserved to live as I did, but has never felt a moments remorse for his part in that day.
It was a gift to even begin my story.
Why don't you tell me in your own words?
Very little. It seems your fame's not so widespread as your ego might wish.
Go on. What happened?
You were in love with the town bully?
If the child were stronger he wouldn't have been a victim.
Who was this boy that stopped you?
Now I know you're a monster. I'm going to collect your bounty.
I don't have time for childish love stories. Time to collect your bounty.
I've run out of patience. Tell your story to the ghosts when you join them.
I'd love to speak with you, but Prefect Jitong gets very edgy when people question his *cod6*suspects.*cod6*
He's looking for some dedicated citizen to help him in his investigations. If you could clear this mess up, I'd certainly be grateful.
Soon the will of the Emperor will be plain, and Death's Hand will step aside so he can enforce his glorious vision openly. Opposition will be impossible.
There are those that think the Emperor must serve the will of the people, but they are traitors in disguise. His glory is our glory. Death's Hand will make it so.
Why does he need golems? Who would dare oppose the Emperor?
Increase Speed
Is... is such an act necessary? I can attest how far and fast the deathly frightened can run.
I... see where you might need to do this, we don't want to be discovered, but it is still a distasteful act.
Hardly a challenge, but if it must be done, it must be done.
Ya Zhen: Yes, no loose ends left behind!
Master? Please... we just want to leave this place.
No! We must fight! We've traded one villain for another!
I cannot allow you to live. You might be seen escaping.
Test the Outlander's Martial Skill
This is too important. They must die.
To the Docks
Launch Room
Treasure Room
Control Tower
Lord Yun's Camp
To the Pilgrim's Rest Inn
To the Forest
The Pilgrim's Rest
To the Caves
To the Pilgrim's Rest
Butcher's Room
Handler's Room
Mother's Room
I have an eye for raw talent. That helps when picking slaves, but it comes in handy in sizing up potential allies.
There was this woman, Cao Zeng. She was asking questions about the... you know.
There was a fellow nosing around upstairs, Cao Zeng. He was asking questions about... you know.
Is that so?
And so you decided to lead this investigator straight to us, did you?
What? No! I didn't mean to bring her down here! She must have followed me!
He followed me! I swear, I didn't mean to bring him here!
Now there's an unknown quantity in this little meeting. Just who are you?
Songtao? Isn't that the fool who's taking the fall for Chandler Ling? Well, you've overheard your evidence. Too bad you won't get to tell anyone.
Zi Bao was a fool to bring anyone here. We can't afford anyone nosing into our affairs right now, and you've heard too much.
Perhaps I can find a price that's right for you to also turn a blind eye to our little situation here. Our little enterprise gives us deep pockets.
That's where the real money is. Of course some are sold to private individuals with the means to purchase such... luxuries.
Are you done talking? I have a slaver to kill.
When you're ready to see him, Master Li just went into his house. It's just over there, as always.
Are you proposing an alliance of sorts?
I might be interested if the offer's right.
Special
Chai Jin
They deserved a chance to celebrate, in my opinion, so I left them with a few silvers with which to enjoy themselves.
They took down a bandit who dared try to circle around me. That's the kind of support I need, men who watch my back but don't get in my way.
Besides, what's a few bandits to one of my skill? Hardly worth the time.
Why didn't you have your men help? I found them drunk after the attack.
Oh, and I am certainly not going to tell you that the ruins can be reached by heading across the footbridge and out the west gate of town. It wouldn't be proper.
Perhaps I could direct you to the historic ruins of our old town, which lie across the footbridge and out the west gate. Certainly a sight worth taking in.
Strictly for interests' sake, of course.
Of course, being a stranger, he'd not be able to tell you that you'd need to go through the ruins, which lie through the west gate. Tourists rarely know the lie of the land, you see.
Or that the dam lies to through the ruins, which are, in turn outside the west gate out of town. You have heard none of this from me.
There's one there! These beasts are everywhere. The Guardian and I will go play with them for a while. You three go stop their Mother.
As if this place wasn't bad enough, now we have the lunatic and the baker here for.... Wait....
I wondered if they would find a way to cut us off. They must move through those small tunnels. I'll go deal with them, you three eliminate the Mother.
I don't have time for this! Dawn Star is missing!
What was life like before?
Master Li just went into his house. It is just over there, as always.
A shame. I always enjoy a quick bout. I can understand you having other things on your mind, though.
Master Li looked a bit disappointed. Most likely he was hoping to watch us spar.
Did you see? Master Li was watching. He may not show it, but he clearly takes pride in watching his students practice.
Anyway, thank you for the opportunity to face you! Always interesting to tackle the most senior student.
You don't deserve peace if all you can do is hurt people.
New Style Learned
Black Leopard Style
Who are you, and why are you here? You're clearly too skilled to be one of the fools hired by Prefect Jitong, so what business--or grudge--do you have with us?
This kind of thing can't be allowed to continue.
You're one of them, are you? Another fool like that Scholar Songtao, always thinking the poor are worth *cod6*saving?*cod6*
You are with Jitong? Unless he was dipped in silver recently, there's no way he could afford a warrior of your skill. Not on government pay.
You're better than that. You've just shown me your strength. Any poor wretch who had the discipline to fight like you wouldn't let themselves be enslaved.
Someone like you deserves to work *with* me, not oppose me. I have a friend who could use your help, and I'm prepared to pay for it.
You've met my friend, have you? Ling's a good man, and a valuable resource, so I'm not willing to let him go to jail.
Some generous donations to a high minister almost solved my problem, until the good Prefect decided to get in our way.
You can't be serious.
These men are as bad as the ones that destroyed our home. I hope you aren't serious about this.
While the silver might be lucrative, I don't think we have time for this kind of involvement.
Ya Zhen: Is there any commodity better than human life? Buy low, sell low, I always say.
An intriguing offer, but I can tell at a glance you aren't the kind of person who'd be content to hang around here for too long. However....
You made a mistake, Bao, but I'll give you one chance to make up for it. Eliminate this pest.
I'm here to put an end to your slaving.
Jitong asked me to help him free Songtao. That led me to you.
A merchant named Chandler Ling wants me to secure his freedom.
I want in on your little business.
My poor Bei.
I don't have time for visitors. You should leave before I reconsider First Brother's instructions.
[Lie] I will go and deal with Smiling Hawk now.
I only hope that I can find some release in that freedom. I had hoped that I would have somewhere to go, but I feel no pull to the underworld.
Hopefully I can find my own way... somehow. Thank you for this release, great one. It is enough for now that I can fade for a time.
Health Shield
*cod15**cod163**cod166*
Chi Shield
Shield
Major Health Shield
*cod15**cod163**cod166*I
Major Chi Shield
Major Shield
Spiritform Gem
Flawless Spiritform Gem
Gem of Shadows
Flawless Gem of Shadows
Gem of Crushing
Flawless Gem of Crushing
This gem buffers your Health score, absorbing the next 25 points of damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
*cod15**cod122*
This gem buffers your Chi score, absorbing the next 25 points of Chi damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
This gem buffers all of your secondary abilities, absorbing the next 25 points of damage to any secondary ability score. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
This gem buffers your Health score, absorbing the next 50 points of damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
*cod15**cod122*I
This gem buffers your Chi score, absorbing the next 50 points of Chi damage. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once you use it.
This gem buffers all of your secondary abilities, absorbing the next 50 points of damage to any secondary ability score. Once it is slotted, you cannot remove it, and it disintegrates once it is used.
This gem turns you into a spirit for 30 seconds. You gain all the resistances of a spirit for that time.
This gem turns you into a spirit for 60 seconds. You gain all the resistances of a spirit for that time.
This gem makes opponents ignore you during combat for 30 seconds.
This gem makes opponents ignore you during combat for 60 seconds.
This gem renders your attacks unblockable for 15 seconds.
This gem renders your attacks unblockable for 30 seconds.
Weak Wall
Something about this strange poem made it stick in your mind.    *cod2**cod2**cod6*Configurations guided by the tiger burn bright, as the cauldron bubbles in the night.  *cod2*The cogs whirl their graceful dances, but they grow tired unless they drink of the water infused with sulphur.*cod6*
You found this academic leaflet and kept it. The crux of the argument reads, *cod6*To think that any machine could be designed around the principles of starting motion with a tiger, of all things, is to dally with utter madness. As if this were not enough, no machine made by the hands of man can be fueled by iron infused with nickel. The resulting metal, while strong, is inert to reactions. Even application of electrical current and the introduction of chimney smoke into a mechanical cauldron, as proposed, produced no appreciable result.*cod6*
You found this strange excerpt from a diary; the pages were torn from the book but kept together as if they were an important secret.    *cod2**cod2**cod6*...in his ravings, my husband talked of madmen with eyes of metal and of a strange island in the skies. His words frightened me, but none more than when he clutched my arm, suddenly lucid. 'It's the tiger,' he said, fever burning in his eyes. 'The tiger feeds on the stone of the cow, torn from the bovine's innards. All but the cogs are watching... waiting and active... waiting for the tiger to feed.' After his recovery, my husband remembered nothing of his journeys or of his ravings, except one....*cod6*
A note, probably written to the author as a reminder. *cod6*It will likely break the machine, but with a pair of flawless rubies, and care to leave the clappers and cauldron out of the process, the tiger might be able to manage a reconfiguration of the user instead of itself. It might be worth investigating after my preliminary studies into flight dynamics are finished. Maybe... insects!*cod6*
You have entered Focus mode. Focus mode slows down time. Your Focus drains constantly in this mode.
DragonPowder
[The ignition pan now has powder. Pull the lever to launch the rockets.]
[A monkey shouts at you angrily.]
[A few monkeys shout at you.]
[Several monkeys scream at you.]
You've been saying that for three days, Ru. Minister Sheng's already looking for other people to close the dam, and you'll look a fool after all your boasts.
Does it matter? Death's Hand himself seeks this one. Do you need any more incentive than that?
One of Lord Yun's men said that young woman who has been around recently helped them out.
A pair of hunters for Lord Yun told me the young man who has been around town helped them out.
Well, that's good news on a bad day, that is!
No more pirates?
Ru said that fellow with the tattoos shut them down, almost single-handedly!
Well, there was this one time I was paid to track down a ruthless band of cutthroats. They'd been terrorizing half the Empire, and nobody was willing to go after them.
I tracked the bandits to a hideout in the mountains. I attacked them at nightfall; they were tough, each of them as skilled as most men I'd fight one on one.
I killed a few quickly, but they had horses and started hemming me in. Soon I was surrounded. The toughest bandit charged at me with his horse!
No! I Punched the horse square in the jaw, and they both went down. I fought my way through the others and got my back against a wall. There were six dead now.
Eventually they pushed me back through the doors of their hideout. It got so crowded I couldn't even swing my axes. The floor was slick with blood. I went down swinging.
Ha! They didn't have me yet. I left my axes on the floor and started snapping their necks with my bare hands. Eventually I finished them all off. Damn dirty bandits!
What? Oh... no... I've never lost a fight. Well, except to you, of course.
I heard from Ru that that young man in the blue vest stopped them.
You know that fellow in the robes? Ru said it was him!
Ru claims that big fellow in brown wiped them out!
According to the boatswain, it was that young woman in blue.
You know the young woman in red and blue? Ru claims it was her!
I overheard Ru saying that lady with the long hair and wrapped arms stopped them!
Things aren't going to get any better until the dam closes again. That's a fact.
If only Minister Sheng would do something. He won't, though.
There's the new young woman in town, though. Maybe she'll do something.
Maybe that young man who arrived recently will do something. He looks trained to fight.
So that's how you lost your first fight.
That must have been painful.
You got beat by a bandit on a horse?
How did you escape?
So, they captured you and then let you go?
I can't believe you lost a fight.
I thought you were telling me about the time you lost!
You will excuse me if I seem a bit distracted. This is a most turbulent time in the Ministry of Harmony, which, you will recall, counted Minister Sheng among its members.
Minister Sheng has heard that Judge Fang, the head of the Ministry, is dead! I live in terror at the thought of who his replacement might be.
I have heard Judge Fang--head of our illustrious Ministry--has resigned, but now I live in terror at the thought of who his replacement might be.
But no more! Judge Fang, one-time head of the Ministry, is gone, and his replacement is none other than... me! Minister Sheng finally gets his just reward!
Such a crime against order would not go unnoticed!
Ha! That's a good one, and probably true. All I know is that travelling with you seems a damn sight more interesting than rotting in this forest.
I can't hurt you??
I'm reeling from your smell.
You could be useful. Glad to have you along.
How does Drunken Master work again?
Look at that tart swinging her hips for that mercenary.
I should arrest that accursed tourist! Look, you spoke to a nervous scholar, and now Yukong has suddenly disappeared. Suspicious....
The last shipment of slaves were delivered smoothly enough, but now we have that accursed Prefect Jitong poking into our affairs.
I've already dealt with the last shipment of slaves, and with that damned Prefect poking into our affairs we have to be extra cautious.
In the slave market are you? Funny how I find that a bit suspicious, especially given that we've had run-ins several of Prefect Jitong's *cod6*investigators.*cod6*
Chapter 2
*cod2*Wherein the fall of Dirge is detailed,*cod2*The woman in black speaks of Death's Hand,*cod2*And Gao the Greater learns the fate of his son.*cod2**cod2**cod2*Two Rivers is in ruins, and Master Li has been taken captive. It is clear that this attack was carefully orchestrated and that shadowy forces have taken an interest in you and those around you. Leaving your home of twenty years, you set out after Death's Hand and his Lotus Assassins, intent on discovering the reasons behind this assault.
If you decide you truly don't like it, however, you can come see me after the bandits are dealt with.
Didn't quite match what you were looking for, did it?
I'd be happy to make an exchange for you, though it looks like you've gotten somewhat proficient with the one you have.
I'd hate to see you lose that experience and familiarity, and you will if you swap to a new weapon.
I'll admit, you don't look fully comfortable with it yet. Would you prefer the other weapon?
Are you sure you'd like me to swap your weapon for Fortune's Favorite?
You can't beat the heft of a staff, but I want to make sure you're certain. A staff's what you want?
There you have it. Remember, when you're dealing with smiths, they'll be selling you their weapons, not offering them on exchange like your old weapon master would.
Enjoy your new weapon! Now, did you need anything else?
That's probably for the best. Always hard to get used to a new balance when you're just starting out.
Could I exchange my weapon?
Could I exchange my weapon for the long sword?
Yes, I'm sure.
I would prefer Golden Star.
Yes, I would like a staff.
On second thought, I'd rather not exchange my weapon.
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
*cod2*Wherein the Imperial City is revealed,*cod2*Silk Fox reveals her station,*cod2*And the Lotus Assassins are infiltrated.*cod2**cod2**cod2*The Marvelous Dragonfly bears you away from Tien's Landing toward the Imperial City. The fall of Gao the Greater and Assassin Lim will have far-reaching consequences, and your enemy will not let your actions go unanswered. Terrible forces gather ahead, and as you draw close, they will leave their mark as surely as you have left yours.
*cod2**cod2*Wherein the palace keeps its secrets,*cod2*An Emperor is met in battle,*cod2*And a Master shows his gratitude*cod2**cod2**cod2*You infiltrated and destroyed the Lotus Assassin fortress, and learned that the Emperor had full knowledge of what was held there. It was a costly endeavor, and the loss of one of your fellows casts a pall across your coming confrontation in the palace of the mighty Emperor Sun Hai.
*cod2**cod2*Wherein the Water Dragon intervenes,*cod2*True history is revealed,*cod2*And the Spirit Monk legacy is reclaimed.*cod2**cod2**cod2*The defeat of Emperor Sun Hai was supposed to set things right, but with one careful blow, Master Li left you crumpled on the floor, a pawn in his carefully plotted revenge. The spirit realm stretches before you, but a beacon in the distance calls. You are not yet lost to the living.
*cod2*Wherein a friend is returned to the living,*cod2*Dirge is under siege once more,*cod2*And the fate of Death's Hand is sealed.*cod2**cod2**cod2*Restoring the fountains of Dirge has allowed the Water Dragon to grant you a second chance at life. Your followers now rush to be at your side, but Sun Li also moves. He knows the threat a Spirit Monk poses. Here, at the ruins of Dirge, history will repeat itself in spectacular fashion.
*cod2**cod2*Wherein the cost of war is tallied,*cod2*A Master is finally confronted,*cod2*And the fate of an Empire is decided.*cod2**cod2**cod2*You have come far, from borderland school to the ruins of Dirge, and now the fate of the Empire depends on the decisions before you. Stung by the loss of Death's Hand and the defeat of his siege force, Emperor Sun Li readies for your inevitable confrontation in the palace.
Smiling Mountain, one of the combat trainers under Master Li, is offering a special reward to any student who can set a new record for the number of opponents faced at once. You might be able to earn this mysterious reward if you can help Kia Min get back into fighting form.
Ask Kia Min About Healing
Kia Min must be in fighting form before you can get together enough opponents to try for Smiling Mountain's prize. Ask her if there is anything you can do to help.
Kia Min can't face you in Smiling Mountain's test until she is feeling better, but she vaguely remembered a type of grass that might speed her healing.
Ask Old Ming About Herbs
Old Ming tends to the statue of the Emperor down by the beach. He might know a herb that is effective at binding wounds.
Old Ming's memory still seems sharp after all these years. He remembered two grasses that would have similar effects in restoring Kia Min to fighting shape for Smiling Mountain's special contest. He cautioned that you should only use red silk grass, because bearded tongue grass is only a painkiller and not a true cure.
Acquire a Red Silk Grass Poultice
Merchant Fen Do in the town square likely has the curative red silk grass in stock.
You have purchased a poultice infused with red silk grass, which Old Ming assured you would safely bind Kia Min's wounds so she could take part in Smiling Mountain's special test.
Acquire a Bearded Tongue Grass Poultice
While it may not be as effective, Merchant Fen Do would likely charge less for a bearded tongue grass poultice. He is at his shop in the town square.
You now have a poultice infused with bearded tongue grass. The mixture may not have many curative effects, but it will at least take away the pain. This should be enough to convince Kia Min that she's able to fight in Smiling Mountain's special test.
Deliver the Poultice to Kia Min
Deliver the poultice to Kia Min in the school.\n
Min was quite impressed with the effects of the poultice, and she now feels ready to fight again. If you wish to test yourself against a record level of opponents, she will happily join in Smiling Mountain's contest.
Face Smiling Mountain's Challenge
In order to earn Smiling Mountain's prize, you must face a record level of students. Smiling Mountain waits in the school.\n
D: Kia Min defeated fairly.
You set a new record by defeating five opponents at the same time. As your reward, Smiling Mountain taught you the training techniques he calls *cod6*The Alloyed Body.*cod6* Kia Min seems to be fine, thanks to the poultice you had Fen Do mix for her.
D: Kia Min hurt badly.
You have set a new record by defeating five opponents at the same time. The bearded tongue grass poultice lacked any real curative effect, though, and Kia Min's wound has torn open, injuring her further. Despite his obvious concern for Kia Min, Smiling Mountain has awarded you a scroll called *cod6*The Alloyed Body*cod6* outlining his conditioning techniques.
I have a little something tucked away for anyone who can best Kia Min's feat. That includes you, of course, but any attempt will have to wait until she is healed.
I'm in a hurry. Just show me this new stock of yours.
A large statue dominates one of the room's in Master Li's house, likely an artifact left behind by previous masters. It seems to be a test of some kind.
The Lions of Two Rivers
It is all right. I don't mind. But... I think that is enough for now.
Fair enough. All I know is that if a dog slips its leash for several months, the owners usually give up looking. Maybe this is your chance.
That is like suggesting the moon might give up it's chase of the stars. I have more chance of becoming emperor than of gaining my freedom.
You're right! I'd be unleashing a monster on an unsuspecting female populace.
Sky has a point, Hou. Maybe she has given up on you.
If Hou were a free man, do you think you could handle the competition, Sky?
*cod2*Now that you have read the fully assembled Tome of Release, you know how to perform a ritual that would lift the curse from the spirits of the last few Imperial Army soldiers who still haunt Dirge. *cod2**cod2*The ritual must be performed at the shrine dedicated to Mah Tsung the Water's Source, one of the first Spirit Monks. Elevated to the heavens for his tireless service to the Water Dragon, his influence is said to guide the invoked magic.*cod2**cod2*The last section you found, however, warns that performing the ritual at a shrine dedicated to a Heavenly Gate Guardian will summon the wrath of one of these beings. The cursed souls affected by such a ritual would be forever torn from the Wheel of Life. Their spiritual energies would be scattered to the winds, and might even affect the monk performing the ritual in some dark way.
*cod2*An ancient text penned by some of the first Spirit Monks, this book has taught you how to properly focus upon the Mantra of Inspiration.*cod2**cod2**cod6*Understanding the totality of being is the only goal worth achieving, and yet it is a goal that cannot be fulfilled in any life. Still, in the striving can be found deep inspirations, and those can aid you in your search. In this paradox, the never-ending journey is made possible. *cod2**cod2*Think upon what you have read here, and take your lessons to the meditation wheels of Divine Harmony in the temple's hallway. They will help you to find the next step upon the unending path.*cod6*
*cod2*There is something disturbing in the air tonight. I cannot be sure of my suspicions, but I wonder at the behavior of some of the younger monks. They seem nervous, like something is about to happen. Not long ago I spotted one of them leaving the well room off the temple, and when I asked why she was down there she could produce no reason that satisfied my fears. The look she gave me when I assigned her extra chores as penance for being distracted from her duties chilled my heart; it was filled with such menace.*cod2**cod2*Could some of the younger acolytes have discovered the secret path at the bottom of the well? Are they leaving our monastery without my permission? To what end? Troubling questions that will have to wait until tomorrow to answer.
Whatever mysteries this ancient text once contained, they have been worn away by the ravages of time.
Pages from the Tome of Release (1/5)
A Mysterious Token
There must be some explanation for the token in your possession. Perhaps the lion symbol is a clue.
Behind Master Li's house, you stumbled across a small shrine dedicated to the last master of the school. When you inserted a silver coin into the collection bowl, a small token depicting a lion detached from the shrine. While its purpose remains a mystery, you kept the token.
A large statue dominates one of the rooms in Master Li's house, likely an artifact left behind by previous masters. It seems to be a test of some kind. Given that the statue is in the shape of a lion, you wonder if the lion token you have in your possession is in some way related.
An Ancient Test
The lion statue in Master Li's house seems to be a test of reasoning of some kind. Master Li has never used it for training, but it likely still functions, if you wish to uncover its mysteries.
Shatter Altar
With a single mighty blow, you destroyed the altar in front of the Lion Statue. Inside, you found a collection of silver coins. You are finished with the statue.
Token and complete
After finding the old master's token and placing it in the lion statue, the test changed. You managed to solve this new challenge, earning a reward clearly intended for students who explored their surroundings.
Playing by New Rules
Whatever has changed in the statue, it still seems to function, leaving you with a mystery that begs to be solved.
The lion statue in Master Li's house is clearly a test of some kind, and it seems that placing the lion token into its mouth has changed the rules in some way. Perhaps this has also changed the rewards.
Your earliest memories are of the town of Two Rivers, the school you call your home, and of Master Li, the man who raised and trained you from birth. Now, as your lessons draw to a close, you can only wonder what the future has in store.
A Master's Teachings
Speak with Minister Sheng
Minister Sheng may have some insight into the pirates and where they acquired their flyers. Speak to him in the center of town.
Find a Power Source for Kang
Search the ruins for the Inscrutable Power Source and bring it back to Kang.
You've acquired the Marvelous Dragonfly, but the flyer won't reach the Imperial City without an Inscrutable Power Source. Kang mentioned that the Lotus Assassins were using one in the ruins near Tien's Landing. If you bring it back to him, he can install it in the Dragonfly.
Find Ru the Boatswain
Ru normally spends his time in the teahouse. Seek him out.
The pirates nearby are known to have flyers, but the only man foolish enough to risk traveling to their lair is Ru the Boatswain, the town drunk. You'll have to find some way to convince him to take you.
Explore the Pirate Lair
Explore the pirate lair to find a new flyer.
Ru the Boatswain has agreed to transport you back and forth between the pirates' island and the docks of Tien's Landing until you replace your crashed flyer. The pirates that hold the flyers may not be quite so helpful.
A young woman named Lan has asked you to help her fiancé, a baker named Bei. Every day he gets beaten up by thugs down by the pier. Understandably, she wants someone to do something about it.
The Beaten Baker
Investigate Baker Bei
Bei is usually down at Beggar's Pier in the southeast section of Tien's Landing.
Talk to Ai Ling
Ai Ling is in the boathouse of the docks district.
Baker Bei told you that Ai Ling ordered the beatings. He wants you to convince her to leave him alone, and he suggested that you speak to her at the boathouse, the headquarters of her gang.
Talk to Bei
You could talk to Bei again and give him a chance to tell his side of the story.
Ai Ling told you the only reason her thugs are picking on Bei is because he promised to marry her and then went back on his word. Considering Ai Ling's reputation, you should at least give Bei a chance to explain his side of things.
You could tell Lan that Bei promised to marry another woman... though she probably wouldn't take it well.
Bei deserves to know that his fiancée has called off the wedding.
You told Lan about Bei promising to marry Ai Ling, and she didn't take the news well.
Bei's proposal to Ai Ling was a harmless childhood promise, not that it matters now. Because of your actions, Lan has run off, and Bei's wedding is cancelled.
Ai Ling is dead, and Bei can now go about his business without fear of reprisal. You should let Lan know that Bei will be safe.
Lan was a bit surprised when you told her Ai Ling was dead, but she was relieved to know that Bei was safe. Maybe the two of them will have a long and happy life.
Everybody Dies
Ai Ling killed Lan and Bei and then tried to kill you. Sometimes things just have to end this way.
Bei and Lan Live Happily Ever After
You were able to make Ai Ling see reason, and she agreed to leave Bei and Lan alone. Hopefully they'll have a long and happy life.
You and Bei should go talk to Ai Ling and straighten everything out.
Bei claims he never proposed to Ai Ling. One of them is lying, and the only way to solve this problem is by getting them both together.
Ai Ling is Dead
Fighting Pit
To Arena Tavern
To Imperial City
The Serpent's Quarters
To Creature Pens
These bombers are heading for Two Rivers.
This is a weapon powerup - fly into it!
The dam is closed, and the river is rising again. The town of Tien's Landing is saved, though Minister Sheng seems determined to take credit for your actions.
Hui the Brave is a trusted and very loyal servant of Master Li. Upon his order, she has waited many years in Tien's Landing, preparing for your arrival. She seems eager to share what she knows, having waited so long for this moment.
Go on, teach those bandits some manners!
What do you know about the Great Wheel or the Celestial Bureaucracy?
Gujin, the weapon master for your school, has a workshop north of the town square. Its location is marked on your map. You should go there and pick up a weapon to help against the bandits.
The bandit threat is clearly very real; two of them have already made their way to the town square. You dealt with them, but that was only a small group. It's all the more imperative that you arm yourself before the main group arrives.
Stop the Bandit Attack
The bandits are all over town, but their main force has landed on the beach. Take the east gate from the main square and drive these marauders out of your home.
Not long after you acquired your weapon, word arrived that the bandits' main force had arrived on the beach. Master Li hasn't returned, so it falls to you to help defend the town.
Master Li asked to speak with you back at the school, but you have time to explore the town first.
The bandits have been driven back, but their leader seemed to recognize Master Li. That recognition leaves you with many questions that only Master Li seems able to answer.
Answer Gao's Challenge
Gao the Lesser challenged you to single combat for the right to enter the cave beneath the school. Master Li has allowed the challenge, so facing Gao is inevitable.
Master Li seemed ready to accelerate your training in light of the bandit attack, but Gao the Lesser refused to let the matter of your progress go without comment.
Learn More from Master Li
Master Li has asked to speak with you in his house when you are ready for your final test.
You have successfully defeated Gao the Lesser, but in his pride he attacked you with a forbidden magical style.
Explore the Spirit Cave
Master Li asked you to explore the cave beneath the school, promising that it would make things clear.
Your discussion with Master Li revealed many things: his relationship to the Emperor, your orphaning and subsequent rescue at his hands, and the truth about the restless dead. It is a lot to digest, but a mysterious cave under the school might hold answers.
Exit the Spirit Cave
The vortex of magical energy seems the only way out of the cave. You hope it will take you back to Master Li.
After acquiring the artifact called the Dragon Amulet, you encountered several ghosts, including a mysterious female spirit who spoke in riddles. She claimed you were *cod6*the last Spirit Monk,*cod6* but she explained no more.
After returning from the spirit cave, Master Li explained that your people, the Spirit Monks, were warriors who revered the Water Dragon. This connection led to their destruction at the hands of the Emperor, who sought to force the Water Dragon to end the Long Drought. You were the only survivor.
Master Li suggested that Gao may have taken Dawn Star to the marshes outside the school. Make your way toward the town gate.
It seems clear that Gao is involved in Dawn Star's disappearance. He was last spotted heading for the town gate.
You have found student Si Pat murdered at the gate into town. Eyewitnesses place the blame on Gao the Lesser, who was also dragging something heavy in a sack as he went.
Pursue Gao to the Marshes
Gao is headed for the marshes outside of town. He must be stopped.
Gao the Lesser left several men in ambush for you near the town gate. After you dealt with them, Guard Yung confirmed that Gao has already left town.
A Camp to the North
Head to the camp to the north, and find Dawn Star.
A mysterious hermit who calls himself Sagacious Zu reluctantly directed you to a camp of men at the north end of the swamp. It seems likely that Gao took Dawn Star there.
Rescue Dawn Star from Gao
Track down Gao, and make sure Dawn Star is all right. They're in a cave at the north end of the marsh.
One of Gao's men in the marsh told you that Dawn Star escaped and led Gao pursued into a cave just north of their encampment.
Return to Two Rivers
Use Gao's flyer to return to Two Rivers.
Dawn Star is safe, but before he died, Gao made some ominous comments about Two Rivers.
A pall of smoke in the distance served as a grim landmark as you made your way back to Two Rivers.
Find Survivors
There must be someone left who can tell you more about this attack. Make your way toward the school, and look for survivors.
You found Jing Woo clinging to life. He told you about warriors with black hands and a leader in armor as dark as night taking Master Li away.
It seems you are not the only one hunting a missing person in this swamp. A man named Hing has passionately implored you to rescue his Fen, the *cod6*Flower of the Fields,*cod6* from bandits.
The Flower of the Fields
Villager's Chest
I can figure this out from here.
To the Beach
You rescued a woman named Sing Wa who introduced you to Fen the Flower of the Fields, who turned out to be an admittedly much-loved water buffalo. Overjoyed, Merchant Hing thanked you profusely while his wife left you with a generous purse of silver for her rescue.
I'll hurt you yet!
Your spirit is mine!
Join me in death!
Now is your end!
I'll tear you apart!
You are mine now!
My body renews.
Poison will not work on me.
I'll eat your soul!
I must try harder.
Your death is here!
I will be your doom!
None escape me!
My style is perfection!
Die, maggot!
Bow before me!
Poison won't stop me.
Fear my wrath!
Your style has saved you... once.
My style is faultless!
You will be broken!
None will defeat me!
Die in pain!
My Master commands...
My body mends.
My blood is acid!
Death to all who oppose!
How do you resist me?
Like leaves, you fall!
Your power is mine!
I am eternal!
None shall pass!
Your doom approaches!
You are mine!
My spirit, restored.
Poison is... ineffective.
I'll swallow your soul!
Your defence is strong.
The school belongs to me!
This ends here!
I am the true Master!
You had your chance!
I'm stronger than you think!
You have corrupted my body...
Ha! The skill of a master!
[You are finished with the statue, so you leave the figurines on the altar.]
[Using the stand you are able to place both of the scripts for your scene side by side and compare them.]
[It seems you have only a few lines for this scene. They are mostly reacting to the other actor. The scene reenacts a historical moment in the formation of the Jade Empire.]
[There seem to be only six lines for you to remember, and on the scripts there are acting notes that should make it easy to remember the proper lines.]
[You examine the first page of the scripts, which covers the first three of your six lines.]
[Your first line seems the same in both scripts. It is simply responding to a question about the color of banners.]
[Your line has you commenting that white banners are flying.]
[The second line seems to be one of the lines that was changed between the scripts. There are two versions of it.]
[You are responding to a question about the time of day, and in Incisive Chorus' script, you speak of the heavens sending a message at dusk and the night is coming on fast.]
[In the edited version, the time is mid-day, and you would speak about *cod6*the Flower Guardians,*cod6* an obvious dig at the Lotus Assassins.]
[The third line is the same in both scripts. In it, you are responding to a question about location.]
[As the acting notes direct, the key element lies in that a decision was reached on the edge of a great plain.]
[You look at the second page of the script, which contains your last three of the six lines.]
[This line seems to have two versions, and must have been edited when the play came to the city.]
[In the script written by Incisive Chorus, the theme of the heavens reaching out to Emperor Tien is explored again, and your character comments that seasons change from place to place.]
[In the edited version, your character comments that warmth can hide an icy heart; this comment leads to a thinly veiled condemnation of the Emperor.]
[This line is the same between both scripts, and the director's notes point out that you'd be answering, roughly, *cod6*Who did the Emperor turn to?*cod6*]
[In the script, the Emperor turned to the heavens themselves.]
[The sixth line seems the same across both scripts.]
[Your character comments on how a shooting star traces a border across the sky.]
[You finish your study of the scripts.]
[This stand is covered with books, papers, and other elements related to a play of some sort.]
[You have no reason to study scripts; your role is complete.]
[Read the notes for the first half of the scene.]
[Read the notes for the first line.]
[Read the notes for the second line.]
[Read the notes for the third line.]
[Read the notes for the second half of the scene.]
[Read the notes for the fourth line.]
[Read the notes for the fifth line.]
[Read the notes for the sixth line.]
[Leave the stand alone.]
I'm so shocked, I don't know what to say. You have to keep us safe!
Why would bandits come here to Two Rivers?
What was that noise from the town square? Are people fighting?
The Sickened Forest
Cannibals in the Inn
The people at the inn seem to want nothing more than the death of the Forest Shadow, the fox spirit who serves as guardian of the Great Southern Forest. They have offered a handsome reward of silver for her death.
Fox Hunt
Script stand
Allies or Enemies
The cannibals are clearly powerful creatures if they can cloak their appearances with such ease. They would make dangerous enemies, but as flesh-eating monsters, they might be far worse as allies.
The Keeper of the Pilgrim's Rest elected to reveal his true form to you. All of the people in the inn are twisted, flesh-eating cannibals, their forms normally cloaked by the magic of a greater demon they call *cod6*the Mother.*cod6*
D: Keeper Dead
D: Left in peace.
The cannibals may be corrupted by a greater demon and twisted creatures that feast on the flesh of humans, but they are also generous. You parted on a wary truce with the Keeper and his followers, leaving them to pursue their goals.
The Mother
The cannibals won't be truly destroyed until the Mother, the demon that twisted these men into beasts, has been dealt with. She lies in wait in the caves beneath the Pilgrim's Rest Inn.
After the revelation that the people of the Pilgrim's Rest had been twisted into flesh-eating monsters, you destroyed the Keeper and his followers. From what they said, however, there are far more of these creatures.
You fought your way through the caves beneath the Pilgrim's Rest, eventually reaching the cavern that was home to The Mother. You defeated the disgusting beast and escaped the collapsing caves just in time.
You were able to open a portal that leads to her domain. If you can track her down and kill her, the Keeper of the inn will give you a sizeable reward of silver.
D: Not Kill
Despite the rich reward offered by the Keeper of the Pilgrim's Rest, you refused to kill the fox, instead finding an ally in the Forest Shadow.
D: Kill
Track Down the Fox
Pursue the Forest Shadow and destroy her.
With the Keeper of the Pilgrim's Rest's offer of silver in the balance, you have decided to destroy the Forest Shadow. She escaped you, but she cannot have gone far.
The Forest Shadow is dead by your hands. Her stewardship over the Great Southern Forest is over.
[Success] How can you be so certain? How can you believe her, after you know what she's done to me?
[Failure] The fish? I died from a fish? You expect me to believe such a stupid excuse?
[Success] Yes, you are deserving of such a reward. For showing me how wrong I was. All that was left of mine is now yours.
[Failure] Money? That's all this is for? Not care, not justice, but money?
This was all a lie! A deception so you could line your pockets at my expense!
No! I'll not have anything you say, nor this lying dog here! Die, the both of you!
Tent
[Charm] It was a bad fish that killed you, not her.
[Intuition] Yes, yes. You're both wrong. Now maybe it's time to reward the person who pointed it out?
Where is my baby?
Please! Bring me my baby!
Is... is someone there?
Why can't I die in peace?
I'll have her head!
Vengeance will be mine!
Dam
Path to Ruins
It isn't working?!
Kai Lan's command!
The arena's magic won't help you!
Kai Lan's regards, fool!
You've made your last mistake!
I won't be stopped!
Seek Out Lord Yun
Tien's Landing sits not far from the edge of the Great Southern Forest. A large gate off the central square begins a path that will take you to the edge of the trees.
You have heard tales of a disease affecting the Great Southern Forest, which lies just north of Tien's Landing. Lord Yun, a noble from the Imperial City, has recently arrived to find a solution. He seeks skilled warriors to aid him.
Find Spear Catches Leaf
Lord Yun wishes you to meet up with Spear Catches Leaf. You can find him at the temple to a fox spirit known as the Forest Shadow. To reach it, go up the hillside path and take the left fork when the path branches.
In return for your help, Lord Yun has offered you a copy of a highly prized wind map that covers the skies between Tien's Landing and the Imperial City. Impressed with your skills, he has asked that you find a cure for the blight that affects his forest.
Restore the Missing Crystal
Spear Catches Leaf suspects the people at the inn might know where to find the missing crystal, or even have it. Track down the missing crystal and give it to Spear Catches Leaf.
You made your way to the temple of the Forest Shadow and met with Spear Catches Leaf.  Spear Catches Leaf has told you that a missing crystal is key to a ritual he hopes will allow you to meet with the Forest Shadow.
D: Help her
D: Kill her
Destroy the Mother
The only way to cure the forest is to destroy the Mother, an ancient demon.
The Forest Shadow was able to direct you to the real source of the Great Southern Forest's corruption: an ancient demon, long trapped by the fox spirit's magic. If you can destroy this beast, then Lord Yun's conditions should be satisfied, and his wind map should be yours.
Return to Lord Yun
Lord Yun promised you a copy of his wind map if you could save his lands. You should go see him and collect your reward.
You destroyed the Mother and wiped out most of her cannibal followers in the process. The corruption of the Great Southern Forest should be over, and, in time, the trees should heal.
Lord Yun was true to his word, and you have acquired a wind map that will take you to the Imperial City. An ancient demon has been destroyed, and the Great Southern Forest should heal in time under the care of the Forest Shadow.
Killing the Forest Shadow should have been enough to convince Lord Yun that your work is done. Go see him and collect the map.
The Forest Shadow knew that anyone in the forest would sense her death when it happened. Lord Yun should be aware of your actions, and he will likely be willing to part with his wind map to the Imperial City.
Whether the Forest Shadow was actually causing the blight in his lands didn't seem all that important to Lord Yun. Convinced by her death that something had changed, and assuming that it was for the better, the noble gave you a copy of a wind map to the Imperial City.
The Inquisitors
The Executioners
The Outlander
Challenge the Outlander to single combat and see if that will convince him to pack his bags once and for all.
The Outlander has accepted your challenge to single combat. If you can prove yourself his superior, the Outlander might be convinced to leave, pleasing the Minister of Culture greatly.
See the Minister of Culture
The Outlander removed, the Minister of Culture will want to reward your efforts. He should be in the Scholars' Garden.
For all his conviction, Sir Roderick was unable to best your skills in combat. Admitting your superiority, the Outlander has left the Scholars' Garden.
Thanks to your efforts, Sir Roderick has packed up and left the Imperial City. Some semblance of peace has returned to the Scholars' Garden.
Totally blew debate
While the debate ended with all the judges for the Outlander, he took the result as a backhanded insult. He has challenged you to personal combat.
Master, I never....
Oh, stuff it. It's not like I really expect you to listen. Talking just helps to keep my mind sharp.
Speak to Zhong the Ox Carrier
Convince Zhong the Ox Carrier to leave the teahouse.
Arrogance, yes, but also audacious.
Not much of a god if she fell to the Emperor's bluster.
I'm sure the princess will not be pleased at the delay, but I'm all for it. Just say the word!
Good luck. If you succeed at whatever it is you are doing, maybe later we can do some loops.
I suppose you want to go back to the palace. Just say so, and we'll fly.
All right, but don't be long. The others are giving me *cod6*the eye.*cod6*
Fate may have robbed me of my sight at a young age, but I can still sense the energy within your meridians. Impressive, and yet somewhat strange.
According to Silk Fox, the Executioners recruit primarily from tests of skill like the Imperial Arena. Silk Fox has her people spreading word of your possible interest in joining their ranks.
Become the Silver Champion
Advance to become champion of the Silver Division in the Imperial Arena.
Infiltrating the Executioners will not be simple. The recruiter made it clear that you would need to prove that you could advance to the top of the Silver Division in the Imperial Arena before he would accept you.
Petition the Recruiter
Seek out the recruiter for the Lotus Assassin Executioners and petition him for membership. He should still be in the tavern in the Imperial Arena.
You have risen to the rank of Silver Champion, replacing Iron Soldier. This was the requirement set out by the recruiter for the Executioners, so you are one step closer to infiltrating their organization.
Having satisfied the recruiter, you have been accepted as a new recruit into the Lotus Assassin Executioners.
A spirit girl is trapped in the caves in the ruins. She is too afraid to cross the water blocking her exit from the caves.
Stranded Orphan Girl
Knock Down the Supports
Knock down each of the supports.
With the supports gone, the water has been covered with rubble. The spirit girl was able to escape the caves.
Master Gang has charged you with finding a way to kill his superior, Master Shin. He must die in a way that disgraces him and does not implicate Master Gang directly.
Master Gang wants you to help construct a spirit shard in the soul extraction chamber for the new lieutenant Jade Golem. There has to be a way to fulfill your duties without making the golem armies of the Lotus Assassins stronger. They will remain your enemy no matter what you learn here.
Create a Spirit Shard
More damage
Daze recovery
Display strengths
Display weaknesses
Select/Deselect
Go to the Inner Chambers
Your main tasks complete, you must go to the inner chamber doors to participate in the creation of the Jade Golem. Make certain you have finished all other business in the fortress before going.
Enter the Inner Chambers
Proceed into the inner chambers to oversee the creation of the Jade Golem. Search for the information the princess needs to discredit Death's Hand.
You have secured access to the inner chambers, where you hope to find information against Death's Hand for the princess. Sagacious Zu also revealed that he was one of the Assassins sent to kill Master Li's family, but that the child is still alive. How this information will change what comes is not yet clear.
You have secured access to the inner chambers, where you hope to find information against Death's Hand for the princess. Sagacious Zu also revealed that he was one of the Assassins sent to kill Master Li's family. How this information will change what comes is not yet clear.
Defeat Grand Inquisitor Jia
Defeat Grand Inquisitor Jia before she summons Death's Hand, and escape the collapsing fortress.\n
Contrary to what Princess Lian claimed, you now know the Emperor is fully complicit in the actions of the Lotus Assassins. Once you have escaped the fortress, you can confront him with this information and deal with Sagacious Zu's revelation.
Escape the Collapsing Fortress
Do not let Sagacious Zu's sacrifice go to waste. Escape the fortress and confront the Emperor with what you know.
The Emperor is fully complicit in the actions of the Lotus Assassins. Regroup at the flyer before deciding what to do with this information. You will have to deal with Sagacious Zu's revelation, as well.
Find a Way to Kill and Disgrace Shin
Search the fortress for some way to kill Master Shin that will also disgrace him. An embarrassing accident would be ideal.
You might find a suitable potential accident in the golem press room.
Return to Master Gang
You learned that dying in the golem press would be an embarrassing way for Shin to meet his end. Tell Master Gang.
Clear the Hall of Induction
Remove all possible witnesses from the Hall of Induction. Convince them by guile or force.
Earn Master Gang's trust by killing Master Shin in a way that disgraces him. If Shin's body is found in the golem press, he will be ridiculed for his carelessness. Shin only leaves the inner chambers to inspect new shipments of arriving slaves in the Hall of Induction. Make sure no one sees you kill him or transport his body.
Remove Press Operator
Convince the Lotus Acolyte operating the golem press to leave his station.
Stop the Slave Shipment
Leave the Lotus Assassin fortress to stop the slave shipment arriving from the Necropolis.
Return to the Hall of Induction to await Master Shin. You have removed all witnesses and stopped the new slaves. Kill him there, and no one will be the wiser until his body is found in the press.
Shin is dead, securing you a position closer to the heart of the Lotus Assassins. It won't be long before you are allowed entry to the inner chambers.
Go to the Soul Extraction Chamber
Go to the soul extraction chamber past where you fought the ghosts for Master Gang.
Search the Lower Mines
Use the elevator in the extraction chamber to go to the lowest mines.
Sagacious Zu said there is a way to corrupt the spirit shard so you can fulfill your duties for Master Gang without increasing the strength of the golem army. He did not give details, but he said you should go to the lowest mines.
Make a Corrupted Spirit Shard
Take the body of Zeng Sai to the Soul Extractor, and use the controls to make a corrupted spirit shard.
You fought one of the Horselord spirits that linger in the lowest mines. They are utterly chaotic, and Zu claims that a spirit shard made from the corpse the ghost was protecting will corrupt the Jade Golem. Zu also wanted proof that you were a Spirit Monk, which the ghost seemed to confirm.
You fought a Horselord spirit and created a corrupted spirit shard from its corpse. That should appease your Lotus Assassin superiors without actually strengthening the golem army.
Sagacious Zu left your group under mysterious circumstances, and he has been seen entering the Lotus Assassin fortress. You have yet to determine whether he is friend or foe.
Sagacious Zu's Hidden Past
[The chain refuses to move. It seems like it is locked in place.]
[There's an indentation in the pedestal that looks like it held something until recently.]
[The chain seems locked in place for now. You can't budge it.]
Why don't we work together after the door is opened?
Visit jade.bioware.com to meet other players and discuss strategies and tricks for winning battles.
How do you know your way around this place so well?
Is this man Gao the Greater?
What did he take?
Let's talk about this plan of yours. How do we get past that door?
Are you getting slow in your old age, Jian?
The older tombs have spirits that have festered in their hatred for ages. They are not easily controlled. That is why we use slaves to power the golems now.
As well, the mines are simply not stable. Tombs can collapse, so we take care not to move too many golems at once, to avoid shaking the foundations of the fortress.
So you believe they are dangerous?
It matters because he deserved to die by my hands!
No, that's not right. I should be thanking you. Besides, after I left you I stumbled across something just as important.
After I left you, I stumbled across some very interesting documents. Perhaps I spent too long pouring over them, but I couldn't resist.
Trust me, I didn't waste my moments. I stumbled across something very important. Evidence that changes everything.
Let me explain why I'm here; that should clarify things. You saw with your own eyes that these pirates were collecting slaves, right?
True enough. I have a particular hatred for slavers.
My search led me here, to the lair of Gao the Greater. His men took my daughter, and I meant to even the score.
On my way up here, I stumbled across records that show that this goes beyond Gao. The Lotus Assassins are his primary buyers.
Is that so? There can be no doubt, then.
This goes beyond Gao the Greater. I have my vengeance, but how many others have suffered as I have because of the Lotus Assassins?
Do you mean to go further with this? I would join you. Only a fool would oppose the Lotus Assassins, but two fools working together stand a better chance than one.
It will be an honor to join you. Oh, and I stumbled across a little something on my way up here. It's probably something you need.
Collecting them like bad habits, are you? I hate to be pushy, but I have a right to see this through. You did steal Gao from me, after all.
He's dead, why does it matter who killed him?
Where have you been?
If you hadn't taken your time, you might have saved me the trouble.
I also saw you free some of them.
Yes, of course.
You know I did. Get to the point.
Gao the Greater's providing them with flyers as well.
I've seen similar evidence.
If you'd come with me earlier you'd have seen the connection firsthand.
It will be good to have you along.
How could you help me?
I have enough fools surrounding me already.
According to the Rat Demon, the Lotus Assassins are using Dragon Powder fueled rockets to clear a way to the ruins of Tien's Landing. Find the powder somewhere near their camp and then try to clear the way into the ruins.
What thing will disrupt them? What do you mean?
To infiltrate the Lotus Assassins you need to impress one of the recruiters. The Inquisitors favor recruits who use their brains and demonstrate cunning.
Meet the Recruiter
According to Scholar Dongow, the Inquisitor recruiter will meet you at the flyer docks outside the Imperial Arena in the Market District.
Scholar Dongow didn't seem all that surprised when you questioned him about the Inquisitors. He agreed to set up a meeting between you and the recruiter, bringing you one step closer to infiltrating the Lotus Assassin ranks.
You met with the Inquisitor recruiter, and he presented you with a test. Minister Sheng is about to give a report of the events in Tien's Landing to Judge Fang, a corrupt but untouchable senior official of the Ministry of Harmony. You must stop Sheng from delivering that report.
Disgrace Sheng
Hou suggested swapping the *cod6*honor gift*cod6* Sheng wants to give Fang with highly insulting turtle eggs. Track down Sheng at the Ministry hostel in the Golden Way.
You replaced Sheng's honor gift with the highly insulting turtle eggs. Mortally offended, Fang refused to hear Minister Sheng's report. Word of what happened in Tien's Landing will not reach the Ministry of Harmony.
Kill Sheng
The Black Whirlwind suggested that you kill Minister Sheng. You can find Sheng at the ministry hostel in the Golden Way.
You eliminated Minister Sheng, ensuring that his report would not be delivered to Judge Fang. Word of the Lotus Assassins' activities in Tien's Landing will never reach the Ministry of Harmony.
Kill Fang
It was suggested that you should kill Fang. Fang can be found in the Heart of the Empire tavern upstairs of the Imperial Arena.
With the help of Gentle Breezes, you eliminated Judge Fang, ensuring that he would never hear Sheng's report. As per the Inquisitor's wishes, word of the Lotus Assassins' activities in Tien's Landing will not reach the Ministry of Harmony.
Investigate Fang
Dawn Star wants to deal with Judge Fang without any bloodshed. Fang can be found in the upstairs of the Imperial Arena.
You met Gentle Breezes, a courtesan in Fang's employ. With her help, you acquired Judge Fang's Imperial signet ring, his seal of office. This acquisition opens up a new means of preventing Judge Fang from hearing Sheng's report.
You eliminated Minister Sheng, ensuring that he would not deliver his report to Judge Fang. Word of the Lotus Assassins' activities in Tien's Landing will never reach the Ministry of Harmony.
Disgrace Fang
Use Judge Fang's ring to ensure that he never hears the report. Speak to him in his private stage in the Imperial Arena's upper level.
Using his signet ring, you convinced Judge Fang to step down from his position as the head of the Ministery of Harmony. This should ensure that Minister Sheng's report about Two Rivers never reaches the Ministry's collective ears.
Report Back to the Inquisitor
The Inquisitor will want to hear of your success. Meet him back at the flyer landing site outside the Imperial City.
I remember one time I was hired by two warring clans. They were going to discuss a peace treaty, and they wanted me to make sure things didn't get out of hand.
A bunch of fights broke out in the first few days, but after I'd killed a few dozen of their clansmen, they settled down. That's when things got boring.
The leaders took the next *three* days to talk... and talk. If they hadn't let me dip into their wine stocks, I might have snapped sooner than I did.
Not really... I just helped things progress a little faster. That's all.
The clan leaders were agreed on peace except for one thing; Jin Lo, a beautiful clanswoman. Both leaders wanted her, and neither would give her up.
After five days it looked like the peace would fall apart. It looked like the two leaders were about to come to blows over Jin Lo, so I stepped in.
It was my job to stop them from fighting, so I cleaved the wench in two and told them to each take a half. Seemed like a good idea at the time.
It was easy. She was small, and my blades *are* extremely sharp. But it didn't really help, though.
I certainly hope you didn't interfere with their meeting!
Why couldn't they reach a peaceful agreement?
I'm surprised you lasted that long.
You're a brute, Whirlwind! How could you do it?
Ha! Now that's thinking, Whirlwind.
You have? Well why haven't you dealt with the man? We can't have some confidence man running wild in the streets of the Imperial City.
What more do you need? You found him. Lady Rento said she would be in the Heart of the Empire in the Imperial Arena for a while if you really must know more.
Mr. B0b
I have no one to spare, which is precisely why I've asked you to collect his bounty for me. Surely you don't want to give up the reward? Take care of him yourself.
Very well. Just eliminate Yukong quickly. The man might have been tipped off to your investigation.
I have found Creative Yukong.
I need more information before I can deal with him.
Could you send your men to arrest him?
He's no one to worry yourself about. You're not important enough to catch his gaze, and if you're smart, you'll keep it that way.
Let me ask something else.
Let me level with you. I don't lose fights, and I damn well didn't expect to lose one in this forest. Then you come along and beat me handily.
Before you say it: no, we didn't fight to the death, and yes, you would have had a harder time had we taken things that far.
That part doesn't matter. What does is that I could tell I was going to lose. As far as I'm concerned, you're the kind of person I could stand beside with pride.
Nah. So long as I'm fighting and drinking--preferably at the same time--I think I can let that part where you'd pay me slide.
Are you sure following me won't interfere with your mercenary lifestyle?
I'll avenge my son!
For my son!
Die in agony!
I should go now, but... I have to ask in case we never meet again. Where did you study?
He must have been a genius. You fight like no one I've seen before.
Watching you fight... I just had to ask. Your technique is like no other I've seen before.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to overstep the bounds of our relationship. I simply had to ask. Your technique is like nothing I've seen before.
I've studied the techniques of friends and foes alike.
No one I've ever met fights like you do. It's subtle, but your movements bait your foes into seeing an opening that isn't there. It's like a clever trap.
I'm sorry. I'm wasting time neither of us can spare. I'll get ready and pull the lever when you're near the door. Good luck with whatever brought you to this place.
My question is, since it's so clear Gao was connected to the Assassins, could their order have similar associations with the whole slave market?
Of course, I didn't know about the direct connection at the time, but I did find some tenuous links to Gao the Greater.
We'll have more time to talk once we see the lay of the land in the city.
Why do you ask?
At the same place where I learned to mind my own business.
I've heard this kind of thing before. What's so strange about how I fight?
It must be a quirk of how I was trained.
Perhaps you've just never seen a properly trained warrior.
We've already seen the connection between the two.
It is deep and layered. The lives of people spent in the shadow of the Wall... working, dying, never leaving. All their experiences have left marks upon it.
The stones echo with their passing. Sometimes, I can almost hear their voices....
I... I get hints, but nothing that seems useful. They are visions that are possible, or that have possibly been. They are very strong in the city, but they overlap as well.
It has history... ages of history, and much of it is covered in blood and misery. And not all of that is in the distant past. There are dark currents I cannot see clearly.
The threads of fate are woven in the city. Or will be. Does that make sense? I don't know any more.
Any spirits that can speak clearly are asking for help themselves. The world is upside down. It seems like there is so much more at stake than just our Master's safety.
I never said that. After all the time we've know each other, you should know me better than that. It's just... so vivid in the city.
If that is what you want. I thought you would be interested in learning what lies beneath the Empire, but I know our troubles must take precedence.
I won't bring it up again.
They weren't too happy with my decision. Everyone turned on me. Of course, they all died, but they gave it a good effort.
I don't know what they were so upset about. Better a quick death by the sword than the prolonged agony of your heart being ripped from your chest and thrown to the dogs.
Store Stock:
Sell Price:
But it doesn't matter who your Master is. I could take you to the palace, but Death's Hand controls what my father hears. He must be discredited for you to succeed.
Enough! You certainly don't fight like a minion of Death's Hand. His Lotus Assassins don't have your imagination.
I give you this...
Let's get out of here. Black Whirlwind can look after himself on the way back to Tien's Landing.
The bun man and I'll make our way back to Tien's Landing. If you need my axes or... whatever he does, just call.
Well, I suppose that's it.
Chai Ka: I hope the Forest Shadow can rest easy now.
I still don't understand why you had to eliminate the Forest Shadow, but... I'm sure you have your reasons.
I'm glad we came through here. Those beasts had to be destroyed.
On the upside, those rocks are remarkably good at dealing with cannibals. I think they're pretty much eliminated. The inn's certainly quiet.
How many people can claim to the death of a fox spirit and a greater demon in the same day? At least you're thorough.
Cannibal or not, the Keeper still made a richer offer than the fox. I would have done things differently, but you have your reasons, I'm sure.
Phoenix Oil
A sturdy clay vessel containing a volatile oil that burns at a very high temperature. The shape of the container allows you to pour the contents into the mixing controls in the golem press room with relative safety.
Golem Spirit Shard
Normally these shards are made from the concentrated spirit of an unfortunate victim of the Lotus Assassins and are used to power golems. This one is made from the chaotic spirit of an ancient Horselord. It will corrupt the Jade Golem for which it is intended.
A good thing, it's an uncomfortable topic really. It's not so much that I need anyone's charity, as I could just use some help around here.
Things could be worse, I suppose! I could be not working at all. Still I envy folks like Baker Bei. He's got Seamstress Lan to help him when things get busy, lucky dog.
That's enough about your business.
Tell me what you know about the Water Dragon.
The Gem is Lost
Like many things in my life, it can be traced back to very bad luck on my part. As I mentioned once before, I was a master of the Drunken Master style.
I was the tournament champion in Phoenix Gate when things spun out of control. My need for wine took its toll on my body. There are long periods I don't even remember.
After one such period, I came to, having lost most of my clothes and all my money. I was destitute, and without the ability to buy more wine... I couldn't even fight!
Eventually I found work cleaning out creature cages at the local arena. One day I was approached by a man who remembered seeing me fight. He offered to sponsor me.
Just like that I was back in the ring. After climbing my way back to the top of the tournament, my sponsor told me it was time to fulfill my end of the bargain.
Apparently the agreement stipulated that I must marry his niece. If only I had read the agreement more closely, I could still be shoveling... dirt in the creature cages.
Um... no. That is a painful subject, one that brings back difficult memories. Though not for the reasons you might think.
For four long years my bellicose beauty insisted we try... and try... and try again to have a child. It was a most... distressing time.
I was so afraid of her for the first year that I could not... perform. Her screaming and chastising only made it worse. I overcame that problem, but there were others.
My plump plum of a bride is... a good deal larger than me. I could compare my nightly efforts akin to climbing a mountain, if only it had been that easy.
And there was always the fear that she would... roll. I am a small man, my delicate frame was not meant for such pressures.
I once lost all feeling below the waist, which perhaps was a mercy in itself. Of course, we overcame these obstacles and kept trying for four... long... years.
Once she decided we would not be able to conceive a child, her interests declined, thankfully. If we had succeeded, I would not have survived to see a second.
Why did you marry your wife if she's so difficult?
Wine is a dangerous companion.
What was it you had to do?
Do you have any family Hou? Any children?
Um... I see. You don't have to go on if you don't want to.
Okay! I think I've heard enough.
Senior student! Oh, excuse me, Weapon Master. I did not mean to interrupt.
Calm down, student. What has you so flustered?
The bandits! They've already been sighted down by the beach, and they're making their way toward the town!
Master Li hasn't returned yet with Kia Min. I'm sure he will be back before long, but we must depend on you until he returns.
They're making their way toward the town now. The few men in the militia weren't able to stop them.
I...don't know, but their ship is large. There could be many of them. You have to help, senior student.
If you think that is wise, I will come and do what I can!
I'm sorry, my friend, but Student Si Pat isn't ready to face real combat. He has only just arrived. He has a big heart, but that is not enough for bandits.
Go to the school. Seal the gates. We will deal with this.
Yes, Dawn Star. I'll go now. Those gates will stay closed on my watch, you can count on it!
I will run to the school and seal the gates.
Make your way to the beach and teach these bandits a lesson! I know you can.
You've done well, lad. Go back to the school now. Your friends have some new weapons they're dying to try out, I'm sure.
Does Master Li know they're already here?
How far have they come?
How many are there?
Come with me, and we'll teach these bandits a lesson.
Run back to the school and warn everyone else. I'll deal with these thugs.
You were right to console her, even if she didn't want to hear it.
Just walk away. Let her seek your help of her own accord.
You should have charged for the service. Give it value, and they will want it.
Ya Zhen brought you here. When I destroy him, your soul *will* be lost forever.
Your flyer has sustained too much damage to continue fighting.
Seek out Lord Yun
Silk Fox told you that Lord Yun is camped in the Great Southern Forest, which you can find by leaving through the gateway in the main square of Tien's Landing.
Kang needs time to set the charges. Some foes will try to eliminate him; deal with them quickly if you hope to win the day.
Well... everywhere but here, it seems. Woe is to Minister Sheng that the only place available was this filthy dock house.
You were not alone in that assumption! It seems it was recently procured and has not been *cod6*modified*cod6* for Ministry use yet.
At least there's no drunken sailors attempting to set fire to this building. At least, not yet.
Minister Sheng does not whine! He simply points out the absurdity of his existence.
Remember that the Ministry of Harmony controls executions and taxations. I shudder to think which landed them ownership of this *cod6*fine*cod6* establishment. Ah well.
I thought this was supposed to be the Ministry Hostel?
I would have thought you'd be used to this kind of place after Tien's Landing.
You're still whining. Some things never change.
If your lies are true, then Shen, that murdering monster, would have buried him here. All my family is here. But... I don't know these names! I don't know my baby's name!
Alas, fate had a crueler path in mind for me. Let that be a lesson for you; always read the fine print, or you may end up with more than you bargained for!
As to why I became a bun master... well, it's a hard, thankless job that keeps me very, very busy. Very busy.
No... you have saved my life. You deserve to hear the terrible, awful truth. As I said, there were other problems.
No! My wife has only *happened* to one man... me! Besides, I wasn't the source of all of our problems.
There's really not much more to tell I'm afraid.
Never. Though no one can accuse me of not trying.
I guess you really owed him after that.
Yes, there's always a catch isn't there?
What other problems did you have?
Don't worry Hou, it happens to lots of men.
So... you never had a child?
You're a wild man, Hou!
Ready the flyer. I want to go somewhere.
Whole months? That's impressive.
You have our thanks. Those with the hunger had to die.
We are the victims of this place. Not all, but some. Others have slipped away.
We would not attack you, living one. You are a savior.
We stay here only because we have nowhere else to go. We thought the Mother's calls were silencing the voice we yearn to hear, but we were wrong.
Yes! That is her name.
You cannot destroy the dead, only disperse us for some time.
Without the Water Dragon, we have nowhere to go, but there is still something....
Yes! Something we can do! Take this as a token of our thanks. Farewell, peace-bringer.
Why are you spirits here?
If you think to attack me, I'll disperse you like the others.
The Water Dragon! You wanted her to guide you to the underworld.
That's pathetic. I should destroy you before you go mad.
I still can't believe it's that easy to become a Lotus Assassin. If I had known sooner I would have joined their ranks as soon as possible.
It would be brutal work, with little reward, and there's a good chance I'd die a hideous, painful death, but it couldn't *all* be better than married life... could it?
Asking the same question over and over and expecting a different answer... that is the definition of a pestering and overbearing wife.
Please try to stop reminding me of my missing missus, it is a memory too painful to bear.
I stayed on the outskirts. I saw him at a distance a couple of times, but had no reason to look past the beard for a man twenty years dead. I had... other interests.
It doesn't matter. I know enough about the Glorious Strategist to say he would not have made these mistakes. And I know... far too much about the Lotus Assassins.
Wouldn't you recognize him? You must have seen him when visiting the village.
Destroy all remaining ships!
Find the Slave Breaker
Find the slave breaker and rescue Fuyao.
The Slaves are Free
You have freed Yifong and Fuyao from the pirates and the slave traders.
Fuyao has Killed Lordling Lun
You convinced Fuyao to kill Lordling Lun to gain her freedom. She is free, as is her mother Yifong, but she has been changed by the murder.
Lordling Lun Purchased the Slaves
Lordling Lun paid you well for Yifong and Fuyao.
You Lost Zi Bao
With Zi Bao gone, there is no way to find the slave traders. Songtao will likely be convicted of the crime, whether he is guilty or not.
Turtle Eggs
Damn! I need more wine!
Blood and axes!
Death to everyone!
Cower before me!
Arrgh!
I will taste blood!
Have a taste of my steel!
Kiss my axe goodbye!
You will die!
I'll destroy you all!
Ahh! That's better.
You... Treacherous... Pig!
Ha! No one can withstand the Black Whirlwind!
Ha! You can't hurt me!
Let's get moving!
The blood on my axes is getting dry, as is my throat!
(snoring, loudly, then waking up... general grumbling with no actual words)
I need wine!
Blacksmith Fong
Ben and Miao
What kind of things have you seen?
Why haven't you mentioned this before?
Have you seen anything that can be of help?
That could be... disconcerting.
Stay with the living. It's almost as if you prefer the company of the dead.
It wouldn't surprise me. It is almost as old as the Empire itself.
I'm not interested in the past. Keep focused on our task.
[You place the once-missing crystal into the pedestal. The crystal clicks into place, and the pedestal begins to move.]
Hello there, stranger!
The last time I was talking to the town's illustrious leader, he mentioned a young hero who had *cod6*closed the dam on behalf of the mighty Minister Sheng.*cod6* Good work!
I haven't spotted you around Tien's Landing before. You've come at a bad time, what with the dam being open and all.
Regardless, it's good to meet you! I'm Darting Lynx, the acrobat. Unfortunately, I'm not putting any shows on in Tien's Landing, if that's why you're here.
You know, feats of balance and precision, delicate routines to shock and amaze. Whatever brings some silver, really.
Let me tell you, it raises a few eyebrows at first. That's why I tell people I'm an acrobat up front these days.
Oh, I'm not really one to ask. Minister Sheng in the town square is the one you want to talk to. I'm not from Tien's Landing.
I travel around the countryside putting on acts and sometimes teaching people a few tricks. Hey, now that I think of it, you're a warrior, right?
I may not be putting on any shows here, but I could teach you a few techniques to improve your balance and speed if you're interested.
Hello again! What's on your mind this fine day?
It's not much of a story, really. It's just a stage name I picked up when I first started practicing acrobatics.
I was quite young, and my master felt I was a little too fast for my own good. *cod6*You dart like a lynx,*cod6* he would say, *cod6*but you balance like a drunken frog!*cod6*
He taught me to slow my movements and really focus on what I was doing, but his nickname for me stuck.
With the dam closed, things seem to have really improved around here. Have you noticed that the people have remembered how to smile?
I'm not sure what else I can tell you. I don't know this town all that well.
As I said, I'm not really from here, so there's not much I can tell you. You could try talking to Minister Sheng, though. He always knows what's going on.
I get the sense that he doesn't *do* much about it, but he's at least aware.
I'd be happy to! I'll be leaving Tien's Landing someday soon, and silver always helps the trip go smoother.
Let's see what I can teach you.
All the best to you!
What kind of shows would you normally put on?
That's an interesting name you have.
Could you answer some questions for me?
How did you come by the name Darting Lynx?
Can I talk to you about Tien's Landing?
Show me what you can teach and what you have for sale.
At least you'll be easy to teach. I don't know if you've ever tried to teach a man balance, but it's no simple task.
You'd think *we'd* be the ones having a hard time. I swear, if men had breasts they wouldn't be able to walk straight, let alone hold a handstand.
You, of all people, must be able to sympathize. Nothing we can't overcome. Let's see what I can teach you.
Support Only
Favorite Support Style
Do we really have time to be wandering the countryside? We must return to the palace as quickly as we are able.
I think we should return to the palace soon.
Tactic:\n
I can't believe I'm going to say this... but shouldn't we be heading back to the palace? I don't like it any more than you, but it seems that's where we need to be.
[This once-sturdy wall seems weakened by its years under the water. It is still too strong to destroy by hand, however.]
What was the most difficult? Hmm... reloads. Piecing those golems back together isn't easy, to say nothing of getting the blood out of your robes. We had a disappearing dye that helped, but it just doesn't hit the wall right, you know?
We all got along well enough. I had no trouble with anyone. We're not friends, mind you. I mean, it was just business. You have to be a professional no matter how much Sky bugs you. Did I just say that?
My favorite player model? Radiant Jen Zi. She just looks interesting, you know? Plucky. Of course, some smartass would ruin it by changing her name during testing. I guess they used up all the good ones in the actual game. Creamy Nougat? What the hell is that?
Sometimes... the competition got on my nerves, you know? I mean, here I am, clearly a badass loner with a dangerous past, and what happens? I'll tell you. Someone discovers Drunken style and spends the rest of the game with that chucklehead Ho throwing booze at his head. Pfft!
I'm classically trained, you know, and not just in the martial arts. Yeah, I've got a few projects lined up. Arthouse stuff, so I don't get typecast in the loner enforcer role. But check me out in Loner Enforcer 9: the Bloodening. The best of the series. I don't want to leave my fans behind.
I think we're done here. Shut that camera off.
I see Jade Empire really as an extension of my previous film work. Dangerous Loner 2: Alone and Dangerous? Water's Edge: Beach Razor Nightmare? Come on, that was a classic coming of age story. Oh, and Cats. Near the end of the run when it was more real.
I was set to be the bad guy in a kids' movie about a dog that rides a champion racehorse. Airbiscuit, I think it was. But the guy that plays Zhong the Ox Carrier told me BioWare was auditioning, and, eh, I decided to take the pay cut to broaden my horizons.
Lessons of the Forge
Health +2*cod2**cod2*Smiling Mountain's training sessions in Two Rivers can teach valuable lessons. Standing one's ground against increasing numbers of students helps young warriors learn to pace themselves and last longer in battles. As metals are carefully folded to make them stronger still, so are those students who have learned the lessons of the forge.
Evade
Attack Your Target
Attack Other Opponents
Defend Themselves
[The igniter is lit, and you have placed a supply of dragon powder in the priming pan. The rockets should be ready to go.]
[You trigger the igniter.]
[The igniter itself is lit, but the pan at the front of the assembly needs a supply of the highly flammable dragon powder to prime the fuses.]
[This device seems designed to fire three dragon powder fueled rockets at an old wall across the clearing.]
[Fireworks of this size, if engineered correctly, should create an explosion big enough to destroy the wall.]
[You step away from the igniter.]
[The rockets have already fired.]
[Fire the rockets.]
[Examine the setup.]
[Place the dragon powder in the tray.]
[Leave the igniter.]
Horse
Rooster
You! Is it not enough you destroyed all the humans here, now you wish to attack us as well? Foolish human.
Uss? We are here because there are so many spirits here... where the dead are... sso are we.
*cod15**cod128*
*cod15**cod129*
*cod15**cod130*
*cod15**cod131*
*cod15**cod132*
*cod15**cod133*
*cod15**cod134*
*cod15**cod135*
*cod15**cod136*
*cod15**cod137*
*cod15**cod138*
*cod15**cod139*
*cod15**cod140*
*cod15**cod141*
*cod15**cod142*
*cod15**cod143*
*cod15**cod144*
*cod15**cod145*
*cod15**cod146*
*cod15**cod147*
*cod15**cod148*
*cod15**cod149*
*cod15**cod149*I
*cod15**cod149*II
*cod15**cod152*
*cod15**cod152*I
*cod15**cod152*II
*cod15**cod155*
*cod15**cod155*I
*cod15**cod155*II
Whats have we here? Masters said there would be others?
What are you doing here humans? All the others are gone... dead... spirits only now.
*cod15**cod165*
*cod15**cod164*
If you are here to kills us, then you are going to be very sorry you came.
My... Master.
*cod15**cod112*
*cod15**cod113*
*cod15**cod114*
*cod15**cod115*
What is going on here? What are you two doing? What are these... humans doing here?
Masters! We were justs... um... trying... to... ah... trying to helps the, ah....
Do not play with these things.... destroy them! Do not fail me, you miserable worms, or you will pay dearly.
Yes masters!
Now kill them! And be quick about it. Report to me in the tower when you're finished with them.
Now see what you haves done... the masters is angry with us.
We can't have the masters angry with us.
*cod15**cod116*
That's none of your business, rat!
*cod15**cod117*
I'm here to kill you, it would seem.
*cod15**cod118*
*cod15**cod119*
*cod15**cod120*
*cod15**cod121*
*cod15**cod85*
*cod15**cod86*
*cod15**cod87*
*cod15**cod88*
*cod15**cod89*
The Long Drought
The arena has a new champion, have you heard?
Raging Dragon, isn't it?
Yes! Silver Phoenix is the best!
Who hasn't? Everyone's talking about Tiger Lifts the Mountain.
He's my favorite.
She deserves the title of Imperial Champion!
I'm not sure we have the time. There are too many important matters at stake. We need to make progress before I will feel comfortable spending more time on idle chatter.
Thank the heavens you came down here! They're animals!
No more Judge Fang, the rumors say.
They also say a tattooed man was asking questions about the good Judge. Interesting.
According to the rumors, it would be best if men in powerful positions avoided men wearing yellow sashes.
Indeed. It seems having a fellow in robes asking about you can be bad for your... career.
Yes. I know I'll be doing my best to avoid the attentions of any large, broad shouldered fellows for the next little while.
Caught the attention of one too many ladies, it seems. Women in blue can be bad for one's... career, it seems.
Given his stance on marriage, the old dog should have known better than to attract the attentions of a woman in red.
He should have stuck to Breezes. The attentions of a certain warrior woman in purple can be hard on one's... career, apparently.
Do you have a moment?
What's happening in the Necropolis?
I don't care! Just keep your head down and don't cause any trouble.
I'll just go. I don't want any trouble.
The... problem in the Scholars' Garden has packed his things and left, I hear.
Yes, and it was that well muscled fellow with the tattoos who encouraged the buffoon to leave.
Who cares about him! Now, the fellow in the blue vest who sent him packing... Mmmm.
It was that exotic looking fellow in the robes. I wonder if he's a noble? Or single?
More important, did you see the man who bested the buffoon? Shoulders broad enough to hold up the sky.
Yes, it was some woman in blue that encouraged him to leave. Quite the beauty, I'm told.
Yes. If I had more time, I'd send a man to see if that girl in red would like to join my house as a servant. Most impressive.
I wouldn't have expected that woman in plum to have success where all the scholars failed.
Could I ask you something?
Did you catch that performance in the Golden Way?
Brilliant!
It was passable, I suppose.
Sadly, yes. I'd have been happier if I'd kept studying my books.
The Lady's makeup was far too realistic. Hardly looked like a man in costume at all!
Wasn't the Lady gorgeous? You simply don't find actors able to pull off a noblewoman so well.
Yes, hello?
Oh, senior student! I wanted to thank you for your help earlier. I wasn't sure anyone would come down to our little circle of houses when the bandits attacked.
It's out of the way, so I'd almost given up hope.
And I was glad to see you... though, er... there's the small matter of my chest.
I hear another division has been reassigned out of the south.
There have been some problems down there, I hear.
It's like the Assassins don't care what happens, and the army does nothing without their nod.
That they did, that they did. Though, there's one other thing. A small matter really, but I appear to be missing my chest.
I am no warrior! I'm certainly glad you arrived. There's just one thing. When I returned, I appeared to be missing one chest.
Change Tactics
*cod15**cod90*
*cod15**cod91*
*cod15**cod92*
Gate to Inner Courtyard
Why not you and your friend there? Incentive enough for any man to perform superhuman feats of stamina.
I suddenly feel like I need a bath.
He's so desperate, it's almost charming. Almost.
You travel with such lovely companions, Lustful Lao would not risk your displeasure. You had questions to ask, I will endeavor to answer.
That depends on your... preferences, doesn't it, little peach? Still, I would not risk your displeasure when we are so close to just the opposite.
Ask the questions you truly had for Lustful Lao, and he will find you your answers, yes indeed.
That depends on who the two people in the rickshaw are.
Scholar
Button Mappings
We need to get back to the others. Be careful, there's no telling what the shifting of the fortress stirred up among all these graves.
We have to get out of the Necropolis so we can deal with this information. Be careful, the ground has shifted. There's no telling what has been disturbed.
We need to get back to the others so we can deal with what we know now. Careful out here, there's no telling what the collapsing fortress has stirred up.
We must get out of here. Be careful, so much ground has shifted under these graves, there's no telling what we woke up.
Ah, good, we're back in the open. Let's get going. The shifting ground has probably shaken up a few new spirits to fight.
Ya Zhen: Another walk through the graves, but be wary, the ground has shifted. Yes, I sense a number of spirits have been disturbed.
A lowly acolyte walks away? You should have died beside your master preventing the escape of whoever did this! Unless you had a role in it! Destroy them to be sure!
I heal myself and go on.
Your blood will paint these walls!
A fortress under siege.
*cod2**cod2**cod2*Following rumors of trouble in a mysterious fortress temple high in the mountains, you believe you may have found the source. Despite tales of dark rituals and horrible creatures in the temple, you grab your long sword, brush up on the secrets of Dire Flame, and prepare for battle.
You are the reason we are here.... The suffering of these pitiful humans has drawn us here. If you do not enjoy our presence, then blame only yourself!
Pain, suffering, hate... these things draw us. When the spirits are angry, when they die in a place like this... we are inevitably drawn to them.
I'm glad you've come. We need more like you. Suffering may draw us here, but we require more death... more pain... more suffering, if we wish to stay.
Just like this pathetic one... Cheung, I believe he was called. He suffered a great deal, and he has given us much for his sufferings.
I will gladly make certain that *your* final moments will at least give us something in return as well!
Let me destroy it, master! I will make sure it suffers greatly.
Ha, ha, ha! Good... I prefer it when they die angry!
I didn't ask you to come here.
Why does suffering draw you here?
I don't care why you're here, I'm going to kill you!
I can't allow you to remain here!
You are the ones who will be destroyed!
Enough talk! Fight or leave!
*cod15**cod93*
*cod15**cod94*
*cod15**cod95*
*cod15**cod96*
*cod15**cod97*
*cod15**cod98*
*cod15**cod99*
*cod15**cod100*
*cod15**cod101*
*cod15**cod102*
*cod15**cod103*
*cod15**cod104*
*cod15**cod105*
*cod15**cod105*I
*cod15**cod105*II
*cod15**cod107*
*cod15**cod107*I
*cod15**cod107*II
*cod15**cod109*
*cod15**cod109*I
*cod15**cod109*II
*cod15**cod111*
Magic Style*cod2*Resonance: Stronger When Wielded by a Follower of the Way of the Closed Fist*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Focus power-up.*cod2**cod2*Warriors proficient in Tempest have the winds at their beck and call. Fighters who have faced this style and survived tell tales of blasts of gale-force winds and of powerful whirlwinds that effortlessly sent them flying away from the Tempest master himself. Many practitioners of Tempest face entire gangs without ever taking a wound, as the mighty winds at their command keep their foes at bay. Warriors with the chill of the wind in their hearts find Tempest far easier to command, so it is a favored style of the Way of the Closed Fist.
You don't need to know. All that matters is the glory of the Empire.
But we need to ask questions to honor what was done. What if this hero wasn't finished?
Gate to the Imperial Arena
Everything has gone as it should.
You surprise me yet again. I'm a better teacher than I thought.
This is your lesson for today. To be happy in your station, you don't need to know.
We don't need to know.
Very good. Return to your place.
Now, who has delivered the Empire from war and pestilence?
The hero and The Glorious Strategist.
Who showed us how to sacrifice for the greater good, so we are free to live in peace?
Who has ensured that the Empire will endure forever?
[Triumphant laugh.]
This Inquisitor will be more interested in you than he'll let on. I'm not even sure if you needed to talk to Dongow to catch his attention.
Sorry! I forget myself sometimes. It's just... well, let's not be late for that little meeting at the flyer.
That is the wisest thing you could have said. Especially... well, the Inquisitors are not dealt with lightly. Let's get back to the flyer as soon as we can.
*cod15*Root node for DS.
A compliment without even a hint of flirting, Sky?
Just watch my back. I don't trust this Inquisitor.
GO!
Whatever. Just stay behind me and keep quiet.
Kang is not a warrior and would not be helpful in close personal combat. He prefers to help you with the Marvelous Dragonfly where he'll be most useful.
Imperial Captain
He has had no experience battling spirits, and he fears that he just may lose... he is driven by greed, but controlled by fear.
I am the only thing keeping him in check. If I fail to defeat him, there will be nothing standing in his way. For now, his fear of my powers as a spirit keep him at bay.
[Success] [Shendao falls silent, obviously afraid. He shrinks away from you.]
[Intimidation] You grumbling old windbag. Shut your mouth and keep it closed.
Noble
Silk Fox, the woman in black who keeps appearing as you travel around Tien's Landing, informed you that a man named Lord Yun has a wind map that covers the skies to the Imperial City.
I'm just here to play. Find someone else to do this favor.
I'm done with you. I'm leaving.
Bull Demon
Give me 300 silver to cover my expenses. If you can eat all three dishes in a row and stay on your feet, I'll give you back your money, and you'll leave none the poorer, but well fed!
If you don't mind, I think I'll get back to my food before it gets cold. I hate to waste any of it. Come back later and try again when you're feeling better.
Suit yourself, I'll be here if you change your mind.
I'm not interested right now. Good bye.
To the ruins
Yes, here's your 300 silver.
No thanks, I think I'll pass.
I just want to try the last dish.
That mercenary is your man. He's Yukong in disguise.
Discard changes?
Discard
Lotus Elite Wizard
I was thinking about a story my father once told me. He was a scoundrel, but he could spin a fine yarn when he wasn't robbing caravans.
[Failure] I don't think that would be wise. Someone as powerful as her would not be interested in someone like me.
What do you... oh! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to jump. Just a little nervous is all.
Oh, you're one of Master Li's students, right? Yes, I've heard about you. Quite skilled, they say. Well, don't mind me.
Looking at your purse, I'm not sure you have enough to help me, student.
Well, of course I do. That's precisely what I'm trying to figure out, isn't it?
You're right! There must be something I can do. I don't know what yet, but it will come to me!
You were right to encourage him, but couldn't we have done something ourselves?
Is that what you think I'm doing? You insult me, student! I *will* find a way to make this silver back.
Was that really necessary? He didn't bother you for silver.
That's a hard sort of encouragement, but I see what you mean.
I suppose we all have to look out for ourselves, but remember that there's always time for others, too.
I didn't really think he was whining, but... it certainly ended the conversation.
With all due respect, student, now isn't really the time. I'm quite preoccupied. Someone from around town can help you, I'm sure.
I have to figure out how to deal with this little debt I have to Gao the Greater.
Well, have a good day. I shall try to do the same.
What? Oh, you. I'm busy trying to think of what I will do to earn the money for Gao's men.
Surely you have something far more important to do than talk to me.
Not enough. Just not enough.
Oh dear.
Oh, I wouldn't think to presume. The town doesn't owe me anything, and neither do the students of your fine school.
I'm afraid I wouldn't have much to say. You should ask one of the locals, I think.
Me? No.
I'm not from Two Rivers, though I do occasionally come into town to do some business.
Today has not been an overly good day for me. I was hoping to make a little more silver than I did selling my wares.
Oh, it is very tough luck. You don't know the half of it.
I owe a small amount of silver to a man who works for a... gentleman named Gao the Greater. He's quite insistent that I pay, but I'm falling a bit short.
It is no more than the price of a small pig, but Gao the Greater takes his debts very seriously.
Gao the Lesser? Oh, no, I know that he attends the school, but this doesn't involve him. There's nothing he could do either way.
Gao the Greater is not known for his generosity. I.... No, I'll figure a way out of this myself.
Quite the day, quite the day. What can I do for you?
Give me silver? Just hand it over? I don't know.
That seems close to begging, and the spirits of my ancestors would be shamed if they thought I was doing that.
[Success] Is that so? All right then, I'll take the silver... but I *will* pay you back!
[Success] I meant no offense, good student. My apologies! I accept your generous gift.
[Success] You're right! I hadn't looked at it that way.
I'll take just enough to pay back what I owe. Many, many thanks!
That will make his life a lot easier. Gao's father is not a good man to have angry at you, from what I hear.
Farewell, student! I'm off to deal with my debt so I can get back to my farm in peace!
[Failure] I understand where you're coming from, but I really can't risk shaming my family name. There are things a man must do alone.
I'm going to head back to my farm. I'm close enough to paying back my debt that I don't think it will be a problem much longer.
At least you tried. I'm sure he'll be fine. From the sounds of it, he isn't too far from paying Gao's father back his silver.
Thank you for listening to my troubles, student! That alone helped. Take care!
It is a matter of family pride, you understand.
Why are you nervous? Anything I can do to help?
If you won't take it, I won't force you to.
I'll be back when I gather the twenty silver you owe.
You need to help yourself out of this situation with Gao the Greater.
All you're doing is standing around. If you want to help yourself, act!
It sounds like you're looking for a sympathy handout. Pathetic.
I just wanted to encourage him. He needed it.
He has to learn to help himself. Complaining solves nothing.
It put an end to his whining, didn't it?
I'll leave you alone.
I don't know you, are you from Two Rivers?
Is that why you're nervous? I could lend you some silver.
Why do you need money badly?
Sounds like tough luck to me.
I could talk to his son about this for you.
What will happen if you don't pay the twenty silver?
If you can't repay your debts, you'll have to live with the consequences.
The price of a small pig, you said? Let me give you the twenty silver.
[Charm] I'm sure you'll find some way to repay me eventually.
[Intimidation] You shame us both by calling this meaningless charity!
[Intuition] Your ancestors will be more upset if you can't repay that debt.
Time to pay back your debt, farmer. Let's see if your life is worth a few silvers, ha!
You told me I should *do* something, student. Well, my new friends have given me an easy way to pay Gao the Greater back!
You... would have? Oh my. Well, I hate to bring it up, especially now, but there's the small matter of my chest.
Which is to say, its contents were not there. The bandits had taken almost everything I had, but I know it was still there when... well, when you arrived.
It was rather full of silver. A life's savings, you know. Would you happen to know what happened?
Such generosity!
Oh my. Well, that's all right. You couldn't have known.
Oh, no, no! I would never make a demand. In fact, I was just wondering if you had found it.
[Success] You saw... nothing. I understand.
[Failure] You may be considered the best student at this school--everyone knows that--but you can't lie to my face!
Out of respect for your master, I'll forget you tried.
I was thinking that while the silver is mine, you deserve a reward for all your good work. What say you to half of the silver that was in that chest?
There are days when I'm more proud than usual to be your friend, you know that?
Thank you so much. I will never forget this.
The whole village is talking about you, and it's richly deserved. Good day to you!
But... but that silver was mine! What gives you the right to take it? You're no better than those bandits!
Maybe I couldn't protect it, but I could at least earn it honestly!
You're no better than those bandits! You saved my life, but that doesn't justify your thuggery!
I had always thought your Master strove to teach you students values. It seems I was wrong!
I was glad to help.
Those bandits learned a lesson in humility.
You should have fought for your home. You were cowering when I went down there.
If I'd had longer, I would have made them suffer more.
That silver was yours? I'm so sorry! Here, have it back.
I want to repay you, but I appear to have spent some of it.
I saved your life, and you demand your money back?
[Intimidation] I saw no chest. Don't come to me with these lies.
I won't take any of your savings. You need it more than I.
I appreciate that. Here, have half your silver back.
No. I'm keeping it all.
If you cannot protect what is yours, then it is not truly yours.
If you value silver more than your life, you are a fool.
I don't need a reason. Get out of my sight, you worm.
What, oh... I didn't see you there. This magnificent sculpture takes all of my attention, I'm afraid. Is there something I can help you with?
My name is Tong Wei. I am a Master Excavator from the Valley of the Sprightly Stones. I am here to oversee the installation of this fine specimen of rock.
This is one of the finest specimens to come from the Valley of the Sprightly Stones in some time. That is why Sagacious Tien himself is carved upon it.
I apologize. I sometimes get excited when speaking about one of our grandest treasures. The valley is truly remarkable.
No one knows exactly. There are theories of course. Some say it is divine, and others say it is simply a trick of nature. But the debates truly don't matter.
The stones are remarkable, regardless of the reasons for their sprightly behavior. I count myself honored to be able to work so closely with these wonderful stones.
Of course, looking upon this sculpture, it is easy to see why some believe that the divine had a hand in their making.
Ah, the Valley of the Sprightly Stones. It is truly a marvel. Discovered many centuries ago by explorers who saw the floating stones from some way off.
Eventually, people came from around the Empire to marvel at the strange occurrence. It wasn't until Emperor Yu Baosi that the stones were used to build.
The grandest achievement is the Imperial Palace itself, which floats above the city like a grand heaven. Of course, it uses additional magic to keep it aloft.
Oh, yes... I have much to do myself. Good fortune to you.
Ah, good to see you again. Have you come back to enjoy this magnificent piece of workmanship? Or do you simply wish to talk?
You don't look like one of the scholars.
What so magnificent about this sculpture?
What makes the stones so... sprightly?
Tell me more about the valley where these stones come from.
I need to be going now.
Die like a coward!
Suffer forever!
I see your death!
Healing.
I will not succumb.
That is the way!
If she's an ancient ally of yours, I'm sure she'll want to help, if I can find her.
Of course, if you survive this final dish, I will gladly reimburse all your silver. I may even have a few treasures that I could part with.
If you'll excuse me, I must go in search of new ingredients, for it seems you have eaten everything I have. Good fortune to you.
[You retrieve Chai Jin's purse and a glowing gem from his corpse]
[You leave]
Jin's Exotic Weapon's
Here's another 300 silver. Let me try it!
[Loot the body]
[Leave]
Mask Spirit
Tong Wei
Behind you!
Don't Save
Jade Empire Bestiary: Vol. 4
My body is... better now!
I'm... poisoned!
All traitors die!
I heal and I can continue.
I'm better...
You fight dirty!
Everyone sees me!
I... I can go on! I'm healed!
Nothing you can do!
Jizu draws strength from all others. They serve Jizu!
You can not hurt Jizu! He king of all in this place!
Hidden bonus: Book set complete!
Are you certain? This doesn't seem right.
Is that really necessary? I know our task is important, but I question this.
I don't think this is really that necessary, is it?
Whatever. As long as I get to wet my axes.
L
R
Is this really necessary?
This isn't fun. You shouldn't be such a bully.
Ah, why pass off a good fight?
Yes, give the task to someone that really wants it.
People get what they deserve. Or they should.
This place is full of nothing but cold killers. They are all the same.
A cold attitude, but a man has to eat, I suppose.
What's one death? Spit in a bucket.
It is sad that he could talk like that. This place colors your thinking.
I would be sad. People here don't seem to feel much at all.
Just kill them all. Our cause is more important than them.
Finally! Someone stronger than these cowed peasants. This town disgusts me. I am Scholar Six Heavens, and I need someone who possesses great strength and skill.
Have you managed to retrieve the bridge from the Zither of Discord? It is somewhere in the Great Southern Forest. Just follow the north gate, near the center of town.
You're back? I wait to hear of your success.
Do you? Impressive. Give it here.
This will show those stuffy scholars in the Imperial City that I am serious. People will talk for centuries about this discovery! *My* discovery.
You... what? You met the ghost of the greatest thinker in the Empire and dispersed it? Give me the bridge, then, and take your fool's reward.
Did he? And you killed him to... protect me?
So it seems. Maybe I misjudged the Way of the Closed Fist. Had you followed its tenets perfectly, I would be dead now.
Here is your reward. I will return to my quarters for some solitude and...reflection. You have my thanks.
The rashness of your actions reveal how little you understand about the Way of the Closed Fist. Regardless, here is the silver I promised you.
Here is the silver I promised you. I should be able to return to the Imperial City in triumph after I spend a few more months here, in seclusion, studying the instrument.
Do not bother me with your minor successess. Completing half a task is completing nothing at all. I need *both* components of the Zither of Discord.
Yes, as I thought. These are the original strings, and the case seems untouched by age. Perfect.
The bridge is missing, as I thought it would be. Since you have proven capable so far, I'd like you to acquire one more part.
Bladed Thesis penned his last work in contemplation of the Great Southern Forest. That is why the pieces are all here around Tien's Landing.\n
If we can recover the last part of this zither, the bridge that would lift the strings off the case, then I will double the silver I was going to give you.
You don't *think* you have time? What sort of answer is that? You do, or you do not.
Good. In his last work, Bladed Thesis wrote of the *cod6*final test,*cod6* and it taking place where *cod6*wood met water and rock.*cod6*
Here. This is the silver for your efforts. I will retire to my quarters in this town and study what I have so far.
It is a shame you lacked the drive to see this through.
As I said, I believe it's in the Great Southern Forest at the spot where Bladed Thesis penned his last work. A place where *cod6*wood met water and rock.*cod6*
The work talks of a test for followers of his philosophies. I suspect the reward is the final piece to his famous Zither of Discord.
Yes, that's it! Now I suspect this final test is magical in nature. You should go there and attempt it, as long as you are confident in your understanding of the Way.
From studying the full text, it seems that it would be near a river in the Great Southern Forest. There must be some structure that allowed him to stay there for some time.
I expect the test to measure your conviction to the ideals of the Way of the Closed Fist. Bladed Thesis would not let his instrument fall into anyone else's hands.
The strings should be in the army's outpost tower to the west of Tien's Landing, just outside the gates to the old ruins. The case rests in Gao the Greater's pirate lair.
How you reach the pirates' lair is your problem. Perhaps you already know a way, or Minister Sheng may have some insight.
As I said, it was an instrument that belonged to Bladed Thesis, the scholar who first advanced the Way of the Closed Fist as a philosophy.
It is said that he played this instrument before writing some of his greatest works, as if the instrument particularly inspired him.
The basic premise of Bladed Thesis' writings was that one could live life according to a philosophy of strength. If one is too weak to help oneself, one deserves no help.
Some mistook him as encouraging immoral acts or *cod6*evil,*cod6* but his true argument was that life was a test which could only be passed through struggle.
Evil men act without reason. Followers of the Way act with the intention of encouraging others to become stronger. The action may be the same but the intent differs.
Played from a seated position, the entire instrument is a soundboard with strings that run across its length. Beneath skilled hands, it offers the sound of heaven itself.
The Zither of Discord is as unique as it is ancient, however. It has five strings instead of seven, and each is fashioned from unbreakable silk.
Go to the forest and see if you can find the place I described.
Remember, I need both the case and the strings of the Zither of Discord. Bring them here when you find them.
If you change your mind. I'll be here.
No! What...?
Mostly, though, I need someone like you, who walks the Way of the Closed Fist. Aid me, and I will see that you are rewarded most generously.
What I do not need, however, is someone who walks the Way of the Open Palm. I can read in every movement that you would protect the weak and coddle the poor.
They must protect themselves! You see? Your every action, and each word, tells me that you are not the person I need.
That is exactly the case. You are not worthy to help me in my task. I need someone who understands that discord, friction, and trial are the true sources of strength.
Amusing. You encourage me to solve my own problems. That is exactly the attitude I need to aid me in my project. If you make your actions match your words, I will reconsider.
If I can see by your actions that you understand the Way of the Closed Fist, I promise to make it worth your while. Otherwise, I will not waste any more time with you.
You? Again?
My offer still stands, if you are interested. I need your help to recover an artifact, and I have silver enough to justify your aid.
I seek the Zither of Discord, an artifact that belonged to Bladed Thesis, the sage who first advanced the Way of the Closed Fist as a philosophy.
The Imperial Army found the strings not too long ago and will soon send them to the Imperial Museum where they'll rot and be forgotten. I will make far better use of them.
Currently, I believe the army has stored the strings in the outpost tower just outside of Tien's Landing to the west. It's near the gates to the old town ruins.
A merchant lord named Gao the Greater recently acquired the case but knows nothing of its import. Up the river lies a pirate stronghold, where Gao was recently seen.
You will have to find a way there if you hope to acquire the case. Perhaps Minister Sheng could suggest a way to reach these pirates. He might even be grateful for your aid.
Bladed Thesis was a genius, and I am a strong adherent of his writings. I also believe there is more to the zither than meets the eye, if it were only to be reassembled.
No. I will not waste time on pleasantries or mindless questions about this muddy cluster of hovels. I need aid, not friends.
I see that you have found an understanding of the Way of the Closed Fist. I still need a skilled warrior's aid.
I have no time for those who do not understand strength. Return when your actions tell me that you follow the Way of the Closed Fist and perhaps I will consider you.
Someone must protect the weak. What's so wrong about that?
You're saying you need help, but not mine?
I don't need this. Solve your own problem.
I'm interested. What do you need done?
What's so important about this instrument?
Where would I find the strings?
Where would I find the case?
Why do you need these items?
Could I ask you some other questions before I go?
I'll start looking for them now.
How about answering a few questions for me instead?
I have the bridge here. It's all yours.
I have the bridge, but I had to defeat the spirit of Bladed Thesis.
You should know that Bladed Thesis planned to kill you.
Sometimes you have to protect the weak.
No, I just killed him for fun. But I thought you should know.
Here. It's yours.
I've found one of the components you were looking for.
I found both of the components you were looking for.
I don't think I have time.
I'll have to pass. Good luck.
Forget it. I'm done helping you.
It's time for you to find someone else to help you.
Can we go over where you think the instrument's bridge is, again?
There's a wooden gazebo overlooking a river in the forest.
Where is this spot?
What was the *cod6*test*cod6* you mentioned?
That's all I needed to know about finding the bridge.
Where should I look for the components?
Can I ask you more details about this Zither of Discord?
Tell me more about the Way of the Closed Fist.
How is that different from our concept of evil?
What exactly is a zither?
*cod2*The Long Drought stands as one of the worst periods in the Jade Empire's recent history. Ten years of scorching heat and little rainfall took their toll on even the prodigious reserves of the Empire's granaries. The sages predicted at least three more devastatingly dry years, while those in the Ministry of Harmony watched the death toll mount into the hundreds of thousands. Then Emperor Sun Hai declared that the drought was over, and somehow it was. Through the Emperor's divine will, green returned to our parched land, and stability was restored.
I had thought you would have no problem with the Inquisitor's request, but it seems I was wrong. I will believe you had your reasons to fail in his test.
Our only option is to go to the Imperial Arena to meet the Executioner. His requirements should require a... less pensive nature.
Your gems do not require organizing.  They are currently ordered according to their power.
Lotus Inquisitor Seal
A small stone marked with a rune that must hold some meaning to the Lotus Assassin Inquisitors. The stone feels heavy and warmer than the surrounding air.
Lotus Executioner Seal
A stone engraved with a rune that must hold some meaning to the Lotus Assassin Executioners. The stone is unnaturally heavy, and it feels cold in your hand no matter how long you hold it.
Quit the current mini-game mission.
I will enjoy your death.
Treachery!
Death is your fate.
Your time is now!
I heal myself!
An... admirable tactic.
Your death comes swiftly!
A mortal cannot resist!
Such arrogance!
The will of heaven!
Yours tricks have slowed me...
Well, another exciting adventure. No new devices to build, but I have more than just memories to show for it this time. Exotic fuel for the furnace.
With the proper configurations, these new elements can produce spectacular effects. You should be glad.
Hrm... I see what you mean. It does seem to be a rather complicated number of hoops to go through just for some shiny baubles, even if baubles are always nice to have.
Perhaps... perhaps more will be revealed with further operation of the furnace, like how the map for the last trip appeared. There must be some plan in place.
Lord Lao wouldn't leave such a thing unattended for no reason, much as I would never leave the Marvelous Dragonfly at the side of the road.
You have found quite a number already. I don't know that there are many more to find.
I found a scrap of paper around the Furnace somewhere. It seems to have a few scribbles on it. Maybe that will help you?
There were a few simple symbols on one of the larger Furnace gears. I made a note of what it might translate to. Here, have a look.
I don't know... maybe have a look at this note. I copied some scrawled words from a post near the Furnace controls.
Here's a scrap of paper I found by one of the secondary devices in the Furnace. I don't know if will help you.
A few clues were left. This note was in pieces floating on the wind in the Furnace heaven. *cod6*Furnace heaven?*cod6* My, your world certainly grows stranger by the day.
More is good! Let them come!
But we'd be safer in the Temple.
You left us to die!
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
You betrayed us!
Now I see. It wasn't your fault.
The school burned because of you!
It wasn't you.
Tournament Ring
Weaponmaster Gujin
Village Gate
Stone of Farewell
I know I'd want him dead, but are we sure that's what the Inquisitors are looking for?
It sounds like he deserves death, but I don't know if the Inquisitors would agree.
I don't think Judge Fang's death is what the Inquisitors were looking for.
The Inquisitors prefer subtle solutions. Murdering a chief Minister doesn't quite fall into that category.
I'll admit that it's a tough call, but I don't know if the Inquisitors are looking to have Fang murdered.
The Inquisitors won't want Judge Fang dead. They prefer other methods.
Chai Ka: The Inquisitor may not think highly of murdering a high official.
Ya Zhen: The Inquisitor probably won't be happy, but I say we kill this Judge anyway.
Remember: an Inquisitor is not a common thug. We leave that to the Executioners. We know that disgrace is a far greater punishment than death.
The chaos this will cause will make it most difficult to keep the Ministry of Harmony under proper control.
You are not fit to be an Inquisitor, though I'm certain the brutish Executioners would approve of your methods.
If you truly wish to become a Lotus Assassin, seek out the Executioner recruiter in the Imperial Arena. My order does not wish to deal with you.
Are you sure this is wise? The Inquisitor didn't seem too keen on brutal solutions.
Surely we can come up with a solution more elegant than this if we wish to impress the Inquisitor.
I can't help feeling sorry for Sheng, here. Are we certain this will get us in the Inquistor's good graces?
Inquisitors usually act with more subtlety.
Chai Ka: This solution will not sit us well with the Inquisitor.
Ya Zhen: This is why I like you. The Inquisitor won't, but he'll live. Or if we're lucky... he won't.
Inquisitor? What are you doing dealing with them? Surely you don't truly mean to kill your favorite Minister! Failing that, you surely don't mean to kill Minister Sheng?
Minister Sheng's heart is not the best. Must you keep threatening me so?
Would you happen to *cod6*not*cod6* know anything about flyers while we're at it?
You don't want to know the size of the crater it takes to impress me now.
Yes, yes, the bolts are the same, but think about this: If there is one Marvelous Dragonfly, it is the best of its kind. Make a hundred, and they are each only average.
A flyer must appeal to the heavens with beauty and singular ingenuity. Why, I bet some of my Mosquitoes have even fallen from the sky for seemingly no reason at all.
You said duplication hurts quality? Aren't duplicates identical?
[Your feel a taint in your spirit]
[Your body is shaking and trembling]
[You can barely think straight]
[Your spirit is desperately weak]
I see... well, here's your original 300 silver. If you can get together 600 silver, come back and see me. Good fortune to you.
Ahh... you did well to eat the three other dishes before, but I'm afraid that wouldn't be sporting. You may try the last only after you've successfully eaten the first three at one sitting.
That's a shame. Feel free to come back later if you manage to gather the funds. Good fortune to you.
[You are feeling very weak physically]
[Your mind is very unfocused]
[Your spirit has been weakened greatly]
[You are feeling quite ill]
[Your mind is racing]
Sorry, I don't have another 300 silver.
No thanks, just return my 300 silver.
But I don't have 300 silver.
Dockside Tavern
Shen's Storehouse
Point of Interest
Choose a Style
Powerful weapons require intense concentration to wield properly. The fatigue from their use will drain your Focus, which is measured in the yellow bar in the upper left.
Easy combat
The hero conquers all. Only the toughest of foes prove deadly as the Empire speeds toward destiny.
The tale unfolds as it should: with balance in all things.
The spectre of death shrouds the hero, and every step is fraught with peril.
The skies are as welcoming arms, lending the hero strength against adversaries.
Air and Earth are in balance, and the hero takes a place between them.
Enemies close in from all sides, filling the skies with danger.
Mirabelle
Weapon Style*cod2*Drains Focus*cod2**cod2*A strange weapon from a strange culture, Mirabelle is made of wood and steel and emits thunder and fire. Loud and ungainly (like its previous owner), Mirabelle is nonetheless capable of doing real harm at medium range. Etched with undecipherable symbols from the Outlander's language, this weapon is a unique (and dangerous) trophy. The power of some enemies is such that fate itself turns away the cold, foreign steel Mirabelle projects.
Kang's Workshop
You have done well to restore the fountains of Dirge, but they can not shield you fully. Not with the power I now control.
This is nothing more than a dream, my pupil. I can *do* nothing here, but I can influence things. Do you remember your fellow students?
They certainly remember you. They remember how you left them to die.
They died so there would be nothing holding you back. Their deaths insured that you were properly motivated; without you, they would still be alive!
Your doubts consume you. This was only a dream, but tomorrow my victory will be complete!
Impressive, but this was only a dream. You will not be so fortunate tomorrow.
I would have saved them if I could! Your plans are what killed them!
This is all you can summon, Li? They were nothing to me!
I'll say this; if you *are* going to try and fight them, hold nothing back. They *will* be trying to kill you.
It's funny what fighting for your life will bring back. Remind me to tell you about it some day.
Hmm, I seem to recall an odd message on the back of a leaf that floated down by the Furnace. Certainly a very elegant but uncertain way to communicate. I quite like it.
Keep an eye out. I don't know why my tracks were covered, but I do tend to incur the occasional death threat. Craters are remarkably unappreciated.
Steady now. We don't want to get where we're going and not be able to get back. Especially since we don't know where we won't be able to get back from.
We need the Inscrutable Power Source, which you need in order to get to the Imperial City, anyway. If you get that, we can lift off wherever you want.
I think they are hints I left myself, but I can't remember why. As soon as you give me the Inscrutable Power Source, we can fly out and see where they lead.
Yes, yes, I think they are clues I left for myself. I'm ready to fly out when you are. A mysterious adventure awaits in the skies.
Well, that depends. My new memories have given me some additional insight into the machine. Perhaps I could write up something... special.
Of course, of course. But time is better spent doing than talking.
If you like, but nothing was ever built by talking about it.
I'm waiting for you to follow the map we found after using the furnace. I'm sure it will jog my memory and maybe result in a few trinkets for you. Who knows?
Hmm... you know, it is true that I should be able to find what I need here. Let me... let me rummage through what I have stockpiled.
Nothing new to report yet. I need time to consider what parts are missing from the mystery device. Perhaps if I had the resources of the Imperial City at hand....
Sorry, can't hear you. Fiddling.
Oh, where'd the city go?
Right, right, we will talk later. I'll just think up some new features for the Dragonfly. Maybe... mole talons for burrowing. Hmm.
Yes, yes, goodbye. Now, back to my Dragonfly. Perhaps the wings should be retractable. For storage and, ah, rolling stops.
Yes, yes. I'll keep at my plans for the Dragonfly. Perhaps... a sling for carrying oxen. The industry could use some automation.  A dying breed, the ox-carrier.
Certainly, certainly. Always willing to take the Marvelous Dragonfly for a jaunt. Pick your place and we will be there in no time.
Yes, yes, I am eager to return there. It is a masterful array of artful mechanics, despite being a bit overly polished. This Lord Lao, he could use a bit of restraint.
Let's talk about you and what your wind map revealed.
I brought two unspoiled gems from our flight to rescue... ah... *cod6*me,*cod6* in the void. The *cod6*Eyes of the Void*cod6* or the *cod6*Glare of the Jerk that Locked Me Up*cod6* or something. Very volatile fuel.
You have the resources of the Imperial City at your disposal. Think harder.
I just need to fly somewhere.
Let's talk about Lord Lao's Furnace.
So, continue using the furnace as it is, or risk its functions on the most powerful effect it can produce? Well, if I built it, and I guess I did, I'd fix that restriction first.
Captain Sen has you collecting heads for him, does he? Good for you!
A woman did make her way into the Necropolis some time ago. She seemed a bit wild around the eyes, and ignored me when I tried to warn her.
She certainly hasn't left, so if it was this Fading Moon, you should still be able to find her in there. I'll make sure she doesn't slip out behind you.
I have nothing more to say on that subject, and you certainly didn't hear that rumor from me.
Not the nicest of topics, but go ahead.
You look like a warrior. I'm sure you know that even if you disperse a ghost in combat they reform again eventually. It takes a long time, but it's inevitable.
Not at all. This is pretty light work, since no one in their right mind would go in the Necropolis.
Give me some more details about the problems in the Necropolis.
Would it interrupt your duties to talk about the city?
That's enough about the city.
Have you seen a woman named Fading Moon? She's an arsonist.
This is a legend that's endured over a thousand years. You should venerate it's legacy, or at least give it a moment's listen.
The Eternal Companions were a group of warriors that traveled the ancient kingdoms, well before the formation of the Empire.
They were said to be giants, to know styles no one could match, and to always appear to offer their services to a kingdom when times were worst.
The tales are too fantastic to be accurate. Though I'm sure the Black Whirlwind's tried at least once, no one can actually cleave a mountain in two.
You'd be stunned how much swill it takes to entertain your average peasant. None of the really ancient stories are true.
What made me bring this up was just a simple thought: were these companions real people once? Were they just like us?
Something tells me they were, but not in the way you'd expect. You know how legends tend to grow in the telling? I think they also absorb other tales as they go.
I doubt it. For instance, we have yet to wipe out a rival kingdom. Failing that, I'm a bit shy of twelve feet tall.
I can imagine worse things, but then the old saying goes that it's better to have people wonder why a monument *wasn't* built in your honor than have them wonder why it was.
The point is that when things are wrong, people believe that someone will do something about it. Whether we succeed or not, we're those *cod6*someones*cod6* right now.
More importantly, you're the *cod6*someone.*cod6* You're the real reason we're together, and I worry about how much of this rides on your shoulders.
You're important to me in many ways. I just want you to know that I'll do anything I can to help. Anything. Just ask.
You're welcome.
That would be terribly out of character, wouldn't it? No, no changes are planned on my end.
We'll talk again soon, I promise. For now, let's get back to it.
Your desire is my command, or in this case, it isn't. Something like that anyway. I will admit that I have feelings for you, but I'm sure you noticed.
It's nothing I won't get over, give or take thirty years.
I walked into that one, I suppose. I didn't really expect... well, that's fine. I'm not sure I had much more to say.
Come on, let's get back to what we were doing.
What I'm really trying to say is that I know this can't be easy for you, but I will stand beside you, whatever comes our way.
Of course. It's the least I can do.
I will do anything I can to help you. I promise.
Maybe we'll talk again, later, if you'd like. For now, let's just get back to what we were doing.
Oh, is that so? I recall a few times my blades managed to take a few of our foes out of your way.
It doesn't matter, just so long as they fall, right? Let's carry on. I'm sorry to talk your ear off.
What I'm really trying to say is that we're all with you until this thing is finished. I just hope you can draw some strength from that.
Anytime. I hate to wax morbid, but this is serious business.
Agreed. There's much to do.
Things will only get tougher from here on out. Whether you think you need us or not, we'll be there.
Now, shouldn't you be talking to Dawn Star instead of me? I've seen the way that girl looks at you, and she deserves a little attention.
Now, shouldn't you be talking to Her Highness instead of me? She has more than a passing interest in you, if you ask me.
Let's get back to it. As much as I appreciate your company, there's some big things ahead of us and you have... others who deserve your attention more than I do.
Right. I'll try to guard my tongue from here on out. I wouldn't want to distract you.
Please accept my apologies. It won't happen again.
The rules of inspiration defy such logic. That is why a single flyer is greater than many, and duplicates devalue the whole. The furnace is what it is.
I can't say I have. What brought it to mind?
I'm looking forward to seeing where this is heading.
I'll make something better, but adjusting this one will require monumental effort. It is not designed for adjustment.
You really think I want to hear a story about ageless courtesans?
I don't have time for some story you heard as a child.
What's this legend about?
Were these warriors real?
What made you think of these companions?
Sounds like a load of swill to entertain the peasants.
You think what we're doing is just another version of the tale?
You're taking this awfully seriously.
When we succeed, no one will lump us in with some ridiculous fantasy.
Thank you, Sky.
You've been there when I've needed you thus far. Were you planning on a change?
What if I asked you to just be my friend and nothing more?
Great. Let's start with, *cod6*stop talking to me.*cod6*
What if I want more than just your support?
It's not like I actually need your help.
We should be going.
Then it can wait another thousand. Don't waste my time, Sky.
Return his sword to Minister Sheng
The rest of the bandits need to be defeated. Teach them a lesson.
After tracking down the bandits who stole Minister Sheng's sword, you wrested the purloined blade from the hands of their leader. There are still more bandits to be dealt with, however.
The bandits defeated, you returned to Minister Sheng with his missing blade. Pleased at your success, the Minsiter insisted you keep the blade as a reward.
Switch to your other followers?
[The large animated statues ignore you completely.]
You have reached the maximum number of saved games for Jade Empire. Delete or overwrite some existing save games to save more games.
Ogre Guard
But those with them tend to rely on them too much, and earn a few more along the way... bitch.
Everyone. You can't simply declare your place in the order of things. That kind of action is what drives the enemy.
She has a point, despite her otherwise being a bitch.
When we are through we can choose our own station. Who will stop us?
*cod15*Two Axes style description
*cod15*Saber style description
*cod15*Staff style description
*cod15*Double Saber style description
*cod15*Double butterfly swords style description
Magic Style*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Chi power-up.*cod2**cod2*While many warriors swear by the power of Dire Flame, many others seek to master the powerful Ice Shard. By using their chi to summon forth the soul-chilling cold of the highest mountains, masters of Ice Shard can send daggers of ice flying toward enemies, call a freezing ice storm to slow their shivering foes, or even encase opponents in columns of ice before shattering them with a single blow. Few fighters have the courage to stand up to the cold stare of an Ice Shard master.\n
Taken by warriors to whom power is more important than harmony, Quicksilver is a deadly art that centers on the summoning and control of metal in its most malleable form. Masters of Quicksilver can project shards of metal at enemies, summon metallic blades from the ground, or even transform enemies into metal statues, petrifying them in place. Fighters all over the Empire fear a Quicksilver master who can, with a thought, turn their living bodies into unfeeling metal.
Magic Style*cod2*Resonance: Stronger When Wielded by a Follower of the Way of the Open Palm*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo.*cod2**cod2*Fighters who study this style gain mastery over the ponderous element of earth, putting the mighty power of stone and crystal at their command. Masters of Stone Immortal have the ability to attack enemies with crystalline missiles, encase foes in stone, or even open the ground beneath an opponent's feet. To command the power of earth requires a mind centered on balance, stability, and order, and so Stone Immortal is a favored style among followers of the Way of the Open Palm. It is far less effective if wielded by those who follow the Way of the Closed Fist.
Magic Style*cod2*Resonance: Stronger When Wielded by a Follower of the Way of the Closed Fist*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2*This style's Power Attack can initiate a Harmonic Combo that produces a Focus power-up.*cod2**cod2*Warriors proficient in Tempest have the winds at their beck and call. Fighters who have faced this style and survived tell tales of blasts of gale-force winds and of powerful whirlwinds that effortlessly sent them flying away from the Tempest master himself. Many practitioners of Tempest face entire gangs without ever taking a wound, as the mighty winds at their command keep their foes at bay. Warriors with the chill of the wind in their hearts find Tempest far easier to command, so it is a favored style of the Way of the Closed Fist, and less effective in the hands of those who follow the Way of the Open Palm.
Transformation Style*cod2*Removes negative effects (such as slow or paralysis)*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2**cod2*When an eminent sage dies, its spirit sometimes returns as a ghostly red minister. Taking the form of a red minister grants a warrior the nefarious ability to feed on an opponent's life force and the incorporeal spirit's immunities to weapons and Support styles. Few people in this troubled age have the resilience to withstand the spine-chilling touch of a red minister.\n
*cod15*Ogre transformation style description
Transformation Style*cod2*Removes negative effects (such as slow or paralysis)*cod2*Drains Chi *cod2**cod2*This style imbues the martial artist with the power and form of the towering Jade Golem. Powerful and terrifying, the Jade Golem mauls foes with brutal strikes and inhuman cunning, and the form's complete immunity to magic and martial styles makes it the perfect tactic when facing deadly sorcerers and certain demons.\n
Banished
Test guy
Those friends of yours weren't going to save you. They were more concerned about glory in battle. Sure they went on to rule whole kingdoms, but are they happy?
You don't know how good you have it, despite my attempts to remind you. I suppose you don't even appreciate all the trouble I have gone through to find you here.
You know why I do this? You know why? Love. That's right. You idiot. Don't you know how worried you have made me?\n
Sure, go, save the Empire, but what do I do when you don't come home? We built a business, a home. What would I do without you?
It's JUST like my sister always said. Give a man an inch and he'll be gone for months. I should talk to her more. In fact, she'll be staying with us for the season.
And my mother. That'll straighten you out. If there's one man in the Empire that needs it, it's you.
You... you resist me?!
My law!
You'll die!
You fall now!
Your troubles end!
Respect my authority!
I *AM* the law!
Help!
Save me!
I can't die!
Eeek!
I'm better!
I... I'm sick...
Let me out!
Ya Zhen: Ugh, the taste of the realm is sickening. There is something strange here.
Bah. Waste of time. Call me if one of these big buckets turns out to be a distillery.
Watch where he goes. We'll need him to get out of here.
I don't like this at all. I especially don't like that he seems at home here.
Kang! Return at once! Kang! Ugh! Let's go find him.
Ah, and off he runs. This looks like his kind of place, really.
Don't lose him. We will need him to return us to the living realms.
Chai Ka: Be wary. Even small heavens have their secrets.
Ya Zhen: Ah, tie him down, and let's get out of here. His amusement is no concern of mine.
I... I can only come to one conclusion. Lord Lao's Furnace.
Eh, what? I know that name. Constructed a wine press for the celestial whatevers that crushed elephant-loads of grapes... and the odd elephant.
Kang, you are speaking nonsense. Lord Lao is a legend. An artificer of the Celestial Bureaucracy. His works are too fanciful to be real.
Lord Lao? He is just a legend. Like saying all millstones are based on his machine that carved the coast for the Great Dragon.
Ha ha ha! Lord Lao? He's a story for children. Like how he created the air bladders that lifted the palace until the stones forgot they belonged to the earth.
He's just a legend. Stories of his machines making much-needed lakes and unfortunate mountains are the kind of tale my father loved, but you can't take them seriously.
That is quite a claim. Lord Lao is just a legend, and so are his fantastical machines.
Chai Ka: Lord Lao, artificer to the Celestial Bureaucracy. A legendary figure among inventors.
Ya Zhen: Lord Lao, yet another face of the Celestial Bureaucracy I can't stand.
Legendary, mythical, and overrated in some respects, but if anyone else has a better origin for such machines as this, I'm not hearing it.
Artificer to the Celestial Bureaucracy, he creates machines that themselves also create, although I'd make them a little less delicate had I his resources.
Still, he is an inspirational figure for inventors. And we are in his playhouse. You select the machines you want to activate and then the tiger or the dragon button. Like this.
Very true. Perhaps you should give them a try. They didn't mean much before, but now, we may have the tools to make something of them.
Do as you will. I'll have another look at these controls. Just let me know if you want to go back to the Imperial City.
Well, ah, if we could puzzle out the function of these devices, they should produce for us whatever they were meant to produce for Lord Lao.
You just select the machines you want to activate and then the tiger or the dragon button. Like this.
Soon, soon, just a flick of a switch, I'm sure. But look around you. Just look at all of... this.
Let's talk about Lord Lao's Furnace and your latest wind map.
But what *is* it?
Who is Lord Lao?
Wait... didn't we find a strange set of directions?
I'm just going to look around here a bit.
I don't care who they belong to. What use are these machines to me?
Enough of your fawning, Kang. Where are we?
Very well, although the palace awaits. Not that I mind a little distraction among the gears.
Yes, we need to discuss what... what was discovered.
Yes, well, it seems the entity holding the memories of Lord Lao is vanquished. The great artificer was imprisoned for insulting heavenly works. Unjustly, I might add.
He is free. He is... somewhat disoriented by the process. Oh, and there is perhaps something else you should be aware of.
Uh, he is me.
You? Lord Lao? Well, I expect there to be more headroom in your flying barrel then.
Kang... what are you saying?
Well, that would explain why your devices seem so unconcerned with our safety.
That is the most laughable thing I have ever heard.
A turn I was not expecting.
Well, how will this complicate matters?
Chai Ka: Such a presence should have been easier to detect.
Ya Zhen: Do not trust his word. What would such a being want here?
I suppose I should have been more concerned with having no memories before the last few decades... or a century. Come to think of it, I guess I'm pretty old.
There was always so much to do. It never seemed to matter where I was from. I'm not even sure what I did to earn this fate.
I must have stepped a little above myself and angered the Celestial Bureaucracy. In the time before their wrath filtered down, I built the furnace to point back to myself.
I don't think I'll give them cause. I like it here. So many things to build for so many small problems. All the interesting big scale things are already built.
And, I have an interest in seeing your endeavor through to the end. For curiosity, you understand. And I could possibly improve the yield of the furnace.
I'll prove it with my understanding of the furnace. It is all I can give you. I'm staying just as I am. So many small things to build. The big celestial things are all done.
Well, I brought something back from our flight. Two unspoiled gems. The *cod6*Eyes of the Void*cod6* or the *cod6*Glare of the Jerk that Locked Me Up*cod6* or something. Very volatile fuel.
With my new understanding of the furnace, you now have a configuration unrivaled, but there is risk. Combined with this fuel it may damage the furnace.
It was not so much that the body of Lord Lao was imprisoned, for indeed, he would have no body. It was his memories, my memories that were confined within the void.
I didn't remember much before a few decades ago... or a century. Hmm, I guess I'm rather old. I still don't remember what I did to earn this fate.\n
Yes, I'd like another look. I don't know why I thought Lord Lao was overrated. Clearly he--and by *cod6*he*cod6* I mean *cod6*I*cod6*--understands more than I--and by *cod6*I*cod6* I mean *cod6*me*cod6*--could know.
Or something to that effect. I have a bit of a headache.
Hrm, yes, well, there's not much to talk about now, is there. It would seem I have... not quite remembered all of my own secrets. The furnace remains unusable for now.
Rather embarrassing, really. I'll make it up to you as soon as I can. I've soured on the furnace concept anyway. I'm leaning more towards a forge of some kind.
Perhaps... perhaps some of those golems we have seen could be salvaged to work it. Hmm, or ground up to power it. An enormous golem forge... someone write that down.
Less talking, more doing.
More doing, less talking.
Very well, but this new map is quite an exciting prospect.
I would like to oblige, but this is very important. Besides, the machine seemed to discharge much of its energy. We must release Lord Lao to make further use of it.
A built-in requirement, no doubt. An arrogant decision to ensure his rescue. I would have done it differently, but I have had more time to consider what needs to be done.
I am ready when you are for this very serious endeavor. Imagine it: We are about to embark on an effort to rescue the greatest inventor the Jade Empire has known.
As dated as some of his concepts are, I look forward to meeting him. Perhaps I can suggest some improvements.
Prepare yourself. This route is much stranger than any I have seen before. Clearly we are not bound for a terrestrial location.
I am staying here, just in case. You go teach your Master something about whatever he needs to learn.
Graces and good luck.
Something more than nothing, but slightly less than everything. I don't know, but you are likely to repeat it unless we find some configurations that are accurate.
What's that? What's that? It looks like you've found one of the configurations for the furnace. See if you can decipher it and adjust the settings properly.
If we make it back to the real world, speak with me again, and we can head off on that little wind map adventure. Did I say, *cod6*if we make it back?*cod6* Yes, yes I did.
Well, given the rather fantastic nature of the furnace, I would bet that whoever has them, doesn't really know what they are for.
The instructions could be a design on a wall, a carving on a piece of art, or even a large scroll proclaiming it is a configuration. People will just have no clue.
You found one previously in an unrelated endeavor. I'm afraid that is just the kind of continued uncertainty we will have to deal with. Keep your eyes open.
Eh? What? Well now, what have we here.
Well, isn't that just a golden carp full of luck. Let's see here.
It's... it's a wind map. Very sloppy ink, like it was crafted in a hurry, but I can decipher it. It would seem that someone wants to reward proper use of the furnace.
Through some wind, like any other of its kind. Really, I'd think you would have grasped the concept by... oh, you mean specifically.
Like the previous map, there is really only one way to know for certain where it leads, and that is to get in the flyer and go there.
We will have to leave the furnace before we can fly out, however. A little matter of needing the flyer. Just tell me when you want to leave.
Yes, I know you are not fond of action without due preparation, but think of the possibilities. It's a map, and we could fly somewhere. Ooh.
Well, you are getting to be quite adept at manipulating this machine. If I were Lord Lao, I'd have made it a bit more... obtuse, so people work harder for their supper.
I'm beginning to think you have learned all of the secrets the furnace has to offer.
What? I'm sure it's nothing.
Well now, it looks like this realm has some teeth after all.
Kang! Are you all right?
No, don't you go exploding on us. You have the exit key.
I always figured he'd end in some kind of explosion.
For someone with such an affinity for machines, he certainly suffers for it.
You better not be dead, inventor. You have our passage out of here.
Chai Ka: You have someone's attention, inventor. A blessing and a curse.
Ya Zhen: An attack! Fool, you have gained the attention of something far greater than you.
[Cough]
Well, there's nothing like mortal danger to jog the memory. Anyone up for a flight to the edge of perception?
The memories, they are seeping in. I see patterns, schematics, explosions. Lots of explosions. And... and someone seeking rescue. Lord Lao.
That's why the furnace is here, why the configurations are spread across the Empire. When it was safe for his tools to be used, it would be safe for him to return.
Lord Lao is imprisoned... locked away so his inventions could no longer challenge the works of the heavens. It's an insult to the inventor spirit. We must fly.
How does anyone know anything? Reasoning and inspiration. And a direct assault by energies opposed to the use of the furnace.
I suppose I should be dead, but it's not the first time. Perhaps I've grown resistant to such energetic assault and surprised my assailant with my resilience.
Whatever the case, I have a vision of a new wind map. It goes... nowhere, and everywhere. We have to destroy the force holding Lord Lao in check.
Yes, that would be ideal, although we will quickly move back into a place like this. This route... I don't think it could be represented on flat paper.
We should go now. I do not think the furnace will function again until this is resolved.
The machine will not function again until this matter is resolved. I am reasonably sure of that. We need to return to the flyer and go from there.
Be prepared. This route... I don't think it could even be copied down... it weaves between the planes.
I... I don't know. Yes and no. Who knows what such an assault can trigger.
Where did you even get that. We didn't land.
There must be more to it. It can't be there just for me to play with.
Yes, yes, but what is the point?
Then why don't you fix it?
Did we succeed? I did not see Lord Lao appear.
Well, Kang, how do you explain this?
So what now? Will... whoever come back for you?
Ridiculous. You offer no proof.
Enough! What is the practical application of this?
I'll need more proof than just your foolish word.
So... I did all this to rescue a fool I already had?
Where is this great inventor? He owes me.
I want to revisit my other questions.
I just want to return to Lord Lao's Furnace.
Where can I find configurations for this device?
Kang, something just appeared behind you.
Where does it lead?
Another wild hunt. Great.
Pay attention, Kang! Look!
Kang, what is that energy surrounding you?
What are you talking about, Kang?
How do you know this?
I assume we must return to the flyer first?
I am not finished here.
That's quite the revelation. You just realized this?
Run, Kang, the machine is acting up again!
I thought to test you, but you need no trial. You are worthy. I grant you the chance to carry out my wishes.
You are blind. Rivers do not course; they tear at the earth like a saw eternally cutting into the land.
You do not deserve your eyes. Trees and moss do not *grow*, they tear sustenance from the earth and drive their roots deep into the rocks to find purchase.
Are you a poet? No! You are a warrior! You forget that I know you.
I do not think you are worthy of the task I meant to put before you.
You have a spine after all! Where do you keep it when it is not in use?
You are intrigued by my power. Ghosts madden over time yet I have not. *cod6*Why?*cod6* you ask... I will set before you a test. Succeed, and I may grant you the bridge you seek.
Yes! That is what I was seeking. You sense the struggle between the elements. You may yet prove yourself worthy.
Insolence!
Tell me about this test again.
Use Mouse Wheel, *cod7*PreviousTarget*cod8*, or *cod7*NextTarget*cod8* to switch between Upgrades.
Push *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8* when you want to use your selected Upgrade.
It would be an honor to serve.
There is no honor in serving a dead man. Why should I do anything you ask?
You *cod6*grant*cod6* me nothing. Make an offer, and I will consider it.
Your arrogance knows no bounds. I should simply destroy you.
Who are you, spirit?
Why are you asking me this?
Are you the reason this forest is sickened?
You're just another ghost. Time to fall.
I see trees tearing and water churning at the rocks, and I see time destroying all this because it is weak.
You have found some damning evidence against the Emperor. Return to the flyer so you can determine what must be done next.
I see a river, coursing over some rocks.
I see trees and moss growing on the rock face.
I see nature in its untamed glory.
What task is this?
You should be careful about whom you offend, ghost.
Killing enemies builds up your Chi (blue bar).
What is the nature of this test?
You need Chi to use your Upgrades.
Worthy or not, I'm going to kill you and take the bridge of the zither.
I see a channel carved deep by the water.
I see a daft old ghost about to be destroyed. I need that instrument's bridge.
Is that all? Am I an errand girl? I'm better than that.
Prison Door
To the Temple
Lady Fourteen Flowers
Ya Zhen: So many mortals... so little time.
Ya Zhen: Evil breeds freely when so many people come together.
Ya Zhen: The domain of so many fools....
Ya Zhen: Neglect born of overconfidence. Your chances are higher than I had suspected.
Ya Zhen: Such is the price of complacency.
Ya Zhen: Ha! He's just toying with you. He doesn't take us seriously. That will be the last mistake he makes!
Unlock this mission by completing quests in Jade Empire.
You would hear what I have to say?
Years ago I found my end at the hands of an executioner. His yellow sash, symbolizing his service to the Emperor, was the last thing I saw.
I had tried to rob a store armed with a saber that my husband had used before his death.
I thought to take all the silver the shopkeeper had and leave town with my only child. We would go far away and start over.
The death of my son's father had left us with nothing, and I would not shame my husband's memory by begging on the streets.
I claimed my silver without a problem, but the shopkeeper's son had ducked out the back and ran to tell the guards.
I did not get far before they caught me. I knew the penalty for what I had done, so I fought viciously, but they were too many. I was caught and beheaded.
I do not know what happened to my son, but despite the shame of my beheading, I can rest easy knowing I tried all I could. That is my story.
Yes, tell me.
How did you die?
You clearly weren't skilled enough with that blade.
Could you repeat it for me?
That's all I needed from you.
I will hear the rest of your story later.
You wish to hear my tale?
In life I was a bandit. With the help of my men, I attacked many caravans, taking what I needed from the decadent traders.
One day, one of the traders decided to make a stand. He called me out and challenged me to a fight. I accepted.
I toyed with the trader. Drew out the fight for the enjoyment of my men. He fought well enough, but he could not beat me. Eventually, I got tired of playing.
I laid into him, beating him soundly and then backing off. Enjoying his suffering. Then, betrayal!
Realizing I was growing tired and deliberately sloppy, my second in command plunged a dagger into my back. She took it all: my life, my men and my silver.
That is the tale of how I died.
What happened next?
You died by the hand of a trader? Some bandit leader you were.
That is all for now.
I will hear your story later.
I wish to know if you understand my philosphy. I see potential in you, so perhaps you are worth the effort to teach. If you fail to grasp its basic tenets, I will kill you.\n
You know nothing of my works? The Way of the Closed Fist *gives* nothing. You must take what you seek or earn it. That is the way.
You think to face me? Only the strong shall have the bridge. Pass my test, and I would make you a richer offer than some scholar could. Six Heavens is no secret to me...
Good. Look at these wretches. Each of them has a story. Speak with them and then tell me which one deserved to die. More importantly, tell me why.
Speak with them both. Do not waste my time again.
You will waste no more of my time. Enough of your insolence.
Then tell me, who deserved their death? The man, or the woman? Do not bother with fabrication, I will hear the truth of what you say.
Now, why?
Listen to yourself. You whimper like a babe denied mothers' milk. There is no fault in preying upon the weak, only in becoming weak yourself.
You understand the Way of the Closed Fist. Taunting a foe, playing with them, teaches them nothing. The other bandit was right to kill him and seize his power.
Honor does not enter into whether his death was deserved. You understand nothing of the Way of the Closed Fist.
He should have killed the merchant quickly. Taunting a foe is self-indulgent cruelty, teaching them nothing. It is true he had to die, but you failed to grasp the reason,
Interesting. Why?
How transparent you reveal your understanding of the Way to be. While she died for her crimes, the woman acted with purpose.
That is your only rationale? I know you listened to the bandit's tale and yet your mind stalls on something so trivial?
Compare her to the bandit who taunted his foe out of cruelty. She died as a result of an active choice, while he died without purpose. You fail to grasp my teachings.
Interesting. I'd say the bandit deserved death more. But I concur that, had the woman been stronger and faster, she'd have seen success. Your argument is valid.
It is never an honor to serve, but I appreciate the thought. The Zither of Discord is a magical artifact of great power, though it takes a lifetime to master its secrets.
If you wish, you may try. It would be more to your advantage to hear me out, though.
The Zither of Discord is more than an instrument. It is a magical artifact of great power, though it takes a lifetime of study to master its secrets.
Before my death, I performed my greatest composition, preserving me from madness. But the zither was dismantled before I learned how to fully harness its strength.
I do not want you to repair the zither personally. The test was a way to ensure that you understood why Scholar Six Heavens has to be the one to repair the zither.
The process will kill him. I will ensure that the zither's discord consumes him. In that moment I will seize some of his life force, making myself stronger.
He talks the Way but he never learned to walk it, thinking that merely reciting my name would be enough. See how he relies on your strength rather than his own?
Take the bridge to him, and say nothing. Let him bring his doom upon himself, and I will use the magic of the zither to strengthen you and I both.
I doubt he would believe you. He would find a way to assemble it, with you or without. And when he does, I shall be there to usher in his doom.
So you have a choice. Take the bridge and aid me, and I will strengthen you. Try to disperse me as you do those other ghosts and gain nothing even if you succeed.
The Way of the Closed Fist is a way of strength. If you help me, your act will bring forth more discord, more chaos, and that can be turned to your advantage.
When fully assembled, and properly played, the zither has incredible powers. You must aid me with a clear conscience, or I can not aid you.
Good. Here is the bridge. Take it to Scholar Six Heavens, and teach him the final lesson of the Way of the Closed Fist.
Were he worthy, he would not have sent you in his stead. The pity you show to him marks you as no better. No matter. There will be others. There always are.
You think to cover all possibilities and take the coward's way out. I will not tolerate such foolishness.
I have not waited hundreds of years to hear that all life is precious and that people should just *cod6*get along.*cod6* Clearly you understand nothing of my teachings.
Come, I will teach you the final lesson of the Way of the Closed Fist.
The test is simple if you understand the Way of the Closed Fist. Speak with each of these wretches and hear their stories. Tell me which of them deserved to die, and why.
How do you ask such a foolish thing without your face burning with shame? I will not answer your test for you.
My philosophy became known as the Way of the Closed Fist after my time among the living, but the principles are unchanged. It's a philosophy of both strength and purpose.
Strength is only the beginning of the Way. More important is the purpose behind it. Those who possess strength but lack purpose leave nothing in their wake but random acts.
Purpose is was what separates us from soulless evil. Adversity teaches us strength. Those who learn only weakness from it have neither purpose nor place within the world.
Just the opposite. Cruelty stems from a lack of purpose. We are to be tolerant of suffering only if it has a larger purpose, a coherent goal to justify its existence.
The Way of the Open Palm is an excuse for the weak to be coddled. Even worse, however, are those who choose no path. Without purpose, their lives have no value.
Then that is all you need to know for the test. Think upon what you have learned and, when you are ready, answer which of these spirits deserved their death.
Good. Tests are best attempted, not questioned.
You muddle your mind with questions. Seek a purpose and act; that is all that matters. I will humor you... for now.
Yes, I will.
I will give you the bridge if you prove yourself worthy. It will be an amusement after too many years without such simple pleasures.
You wish to know about me? Or do you wonder at the nature of my kind, the red ministers?
We are ghosts, but ghosts who have kept more of ourselves than most. A red minister is the spirit of a scholar or wizard who has kept himself from the Wheel of Fate.
Many ghosts slip into madness. That is the nature of spirits denied their rest. But I am Bladed Thesis, Master of the Way of the Closed Fist. Madness is not acceptable.
This was where I completed my last work. This very pagoda gave me shelter as I played the Zither of Discord. By remaining here, my death has purpose.
Get Your Bearings
Good. I do not matter except in what I can do for you. Remember that. Now are you ready to answer my test?
Go, then. Return when you have an answer.
Such a pathetic fool. You understand nothing.
To what end? His death brought me power and you knowledge.
Why? You stand to gain nothing from my dispersal.
More and more you surprise me. Your understanding of the Way is impressive; it would almost be an honor to lose to you. It won't happen, but it would be an honor.
Philosophy is the only way to justify our actions!
And I had such high hopes for you. It seems I will have to teach you your final lesson the hard way.
I don't really care. Just give me the reward you promised.
I hope you at least made him suffer.
There.. are... FOUR LIGHTS!
I don't know. *They* seemed to like it.\n
Save the lecture. I'm going to eliminate you, too.
I can rest easy knowing both you and Six Heavens are gone!
My reasons are my own.
I wanted to test myself against your full strength.
It was a nice change from my old job. I used to have solid bits that really packed the crowds in, but I was overexposed. I got tired of the late nights, the second bananas. I lost count of the straight men I burned out.
Only a fool justifies his actions with philosophy.
I didn't want to end up like my uncle, Maximillian *cod6*Shecky*cod6* Star. He could really work the schtick, but no one wants to see a vaudeville review these days, even if it is the oldest profession in theater. I said I did vaudeville, right?
Could you not just give me the bridge?
Would dispersing your spirit be enough to pass your test?
Name your test. I will take it.
What type of test is this?
I'll go speak to them now.
Scholars. Dead or alive, they talk too much. Time to die.
I'm ready to tell you which deserved their death.
The man did.
He was a bandit who preyed upon the weak. He should have earned his way.
He wasted his strength on a display. There was no purpose to toying with the trader.
He fought without honor. He should have respected his opponent.
The woman deserved her death.
She wasted her time caring about her child.
She was a criminal, even if the crime was small. She had to be punished.
While she acted with purpose, she lacked the strength to save herself.
What are you proposing?
You want me to repair your instrument?
Why the elaborate test, then? Just give me the bridge.
This sounds like a vendetta.
Why do you want him dead?
What if I warn him?
What kind of reward are we talking about, exactly?
I really don't care what happens to the scholar. You have a deal.
I won't murder him in cold blood. I'll stop you, instead.
I tire of your games, ghost. Time to silence you.
They both deserved their deaths.
Neither of them.
How will I know which answer is correct?
How does your philosophy view strength?
Could you explain what you mean by purpose?
You don't see that philosophy as cruel?
You see no value in other ways of living?
That's enough about the Way of the Closed Fist.
That's all I want to know about the test.
I want to ask you something before I answer.
If I pass your test will you give me the bridge to the zither?
That's it? No conditions? No games?
Can you tell me more about yourself?
What exactly is a red minister?
How is it that you haven't gone mad like many other spirits?
Why are you here in the forest?
I know enough about you.
I will return when I have made my decision.
I'm not ready to tell you yet.
I'm tired of these games. I will just kill you instead.
*cod2*The various means of Divination have been around since the beginnings of the Empire. Divination was originally performed by heating bones in a fire. Questions written in blood on the bones could be answered by examining the cracks formed. It was believed that the spirits in question could more readily act through fire on bone, an element of death closely associated with them.*cod2**cod2*This practice had its faults, and the more modern methods provide much greater accuracy of prediction. Many methods are in use across the Empire, their prevalence rising and falling as the power of the spirits associated with them waxes and wanes. Astronomy, geomancy, and diving upon entrails are all much more cultured and sophisticated methods than bone reading, but old ways are important, since they still offer a more primal connection to nature.
Emotions burn within, but can be coaxed outward as well. Harness this to bring fire to your hands. Yours is the power to unleash Dire Flame.\n
Emotions burn, but the spirit can also turn cold and strike with grim resolve. Command this, and you chill the hearts of your enemies. Yours is the power of Ice Shard.
The Land of Howling Spirits
*cod2*To the west of the Jade Empire proper lies the Land of Howling Spirits, a range of sheer mountains and desolate, haunted passes. Not many men dwell in this harsh land. It does not support much in the way of communities, and those who dwell there are hardy mountainfolk who rely on themselves and their herds of goats more than trust in nature.*cod2**cod2*There is one exception to this rule. High in the mountains lies a secluded monastery, home to a reclusive and mysterious order known as the Spirit Monks. They tend an unknown charge in their sealed monastery. No one, not even an emperor, has been able to discover what lies within. The monks possess strange powers, but they exist in balance with nature. Eventually that land will be absorbed, and the Empire shall learn its secrets.
I choose the flame.
The Lotus Monks
I will choose the ice.
*cod2*As far as we know, all copies of the larger text were destroyed, but I shall include a fragment below for your amusement:*cod2**cod2**cod6*Protection of our glorious Emperor has always been the purpose of the Order of the Lotus. The Lotus Monks are the personal servants and protectors of the Emperor of the Jade Empire, governed by the Hand of Heaven, Sun Kin. They are servants, guards, teachers, doctors, and spiritual advisors. With their simple robes and dyed hands, they are an omnipresent and unpredictable force whose importance is disproportionate to their numbers. Anyone who wishes a presence in the court of the Emperor must, in some way, appease the Lotus Monks. Should someone displease the Emperor or offend the glory of the Empire, the consequences can be dramatic. Fortunately, they watch themselves as well as others, and any who stray are punished accordingly.*cod6**cod2**cod2*How quaint. Blood stains the hands much better than dye.*cod2*-Lim.
This path leads to the Temple. Switch to the Black Whirlwind?
Is that so? Good. You have made early headway. Find the other and return to me.
I think I already have both of the components.
I think I have already found one of the two parts.
Scholar Six Heavens
Focus +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*You have learned much from Wild Flower, more than you had ever expected. She is an innocent child caught in a web of power far beyond her station, but from the humblest lives the greatest lessons can be learned, and from hers you have learned much.*cod2**cod2*
Guardian's Strength
This small piece of wood is a finely crafted bridge for a musical instrument.
Insufficient Chi
Bladed Thesis
Mastered Evil
Innocent Lessons
Dawn's Gift
Sharpened Mind
[You hear the sounds of fighting ahead.]
We could attack while they're still hurt from the ghosts, but that was the one giving orders before. Maybe we should see if we can learn anything.
Looks like they're having all the fun. Let's rush them before they get a chance to heal themselves.
Do we really have to face them? You never know, the ghosts might win.
We could rush them while they're still hurt. Then again, they haven't spotted us....
They're tired. They haven't spotted us. We could rush them now.\n
[The Assassin and soldier look like they've been tired out somewhat by the fight.]
[Attack them while they're still engaged with the ghosts.]
[Stay out of sight and see how the fight plays out.]
We fought well against those bandits, but I had no idea Master Li could command that kind of power. He destroyed that ship so easily....
Who are the voices?
Yes, yes. Ghosts. I know. Go away.
What does the Guardian say?
I don't have time for trivia.
Do you feel any spirits here?
What do you see in those people?
I can't see any spirits.
Right... Now we should do something more important than talk.
What do you feel in this place, Wild Flower?
Who are they?
Can we do anything for them?
How does this affect us?
We must go and stop Sun Li, then.
What does Chai Ka say?
It is a distraction only. Let's go.
The turtle's shell protects him only from harm of which he is aware. Ask away!
Those large flyers can drop explosives. This is worse than I thought.
The town....
The Martial Arts
*cod2*The pride, perfection, and achievement of an individual are represented in many ways: the honing of the mind, civic achievements and glory gained for the Empire, the development of the spirit and one's inner energies, and the training of the body. Through the body the practitioner imposes his will upon himself and, through that, upon the universe. Through use of his body, the martial artist achieves transcendence and strength, overcoming all obstacles, both physical and spiritual.
The Inner Self
*cod2*The great Wheel of Life turns eternal, bringing one through life, into death, then back around again into life. Though the new life is always different, the core essence, the spirit, of a person remains the same. This spirit, breathed into each person, is eternal. To achieve harmony with the universe, one must perfect their harmony with the spirit. Indeed, the spirit in each individual is a reflection of that greater universe. It is a reflection of the Wheel of Life and the Great Dragon that created it.
Crashed Flier
Secret Chest
Guide to the Imperial City
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Shen says that Miss Chan's child had a short name, less than 3 words long.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan has said that she was sure her baby was a boy.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan said that she was sure that her baby was named after one of her relatives.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Shen says that Miss Chan's child had a short name, less than 3 words long.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan has said that she was sure her baby was a boy.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Shen says that Miss Chan's child had a short name, less than 3 words long.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan said that she was sure that her baby was named after one of her relatives.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan has said that she was sure her baby was a boy.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan said that she was sure that her baby was named after one of her relatives.
Miss Chan's baby lies in her family plot. She will not believe her baby is dead until she sees his grave for herself. However, she is close to the madness which has consumed the other spirits. If the grave is not her baby's, it may push her over the edge into madness.*cod2**cod2*You will have to find more information to determine which of the graves at her family plot belongs to her baby. Any that do not match this information must be wrong.*cod2**cod2*Shen says that Miss Chan's child had a short name, less than 3 words long.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan has said that she was sure her baby was a boy.*cod2**cod2*Miss Chan said that she was sure that her baby was named after one of her relatives.
[Revered ancestor, Jian Si.]
[Father of the Empire, Yan Shu.]
[Cursed forever in death. Unnamed One.]
[Long life breeds a great happiness. Died young.]
[Chang Mao rest uneasily. May his killer be punished.]
[A cluster of graves lies before you]
[May the Dragons in Heaven watch over this one.]
[Chong Ze wished for too much in life. The Emperor's justice.]
[Kai Lu. Son.]
[Harlot whose name shall be cursed forever. Ya Pin.]
Balance of Nature
I can think of one way to open it, but I don't have a lever long enough, so you'll have to use your head. Not literally.
Oh, where'd the palace go?
Oh, this is different.
We have to hurry!
They know we're not on their side. Watch out.
Trap sprung!
Enable Headphones
Enable headphone audio.
Headstone
Office Gate
*cod2*Welcome, dear traveler, to the illustrious Imperial City, the heart of civilization in the world and seat of power for the Jade Empire. In this fine city, the wonders of the modern age are plain for all to see. Walk down the expansive boulevards, shop at the many fine booths and stores, and see how the most advanced and civilized people in the world live. You will be awed and amazed by the sights of the city. Explore the Imperial City for the experience of a lifetime!
Conversation Skills
Well, two actually, but you need to choose which one you'll take. Master Li wants you to stay focused on your first weapon.
Anything? *Everything.*
I don't know where your master acquired these, but he has honored me with the care of two legendary weapons.
You may arm yourself with either the legendary long sword, Fortune's Favorite, or the famed staff, Golden Star.
They say this blade was created in the forge of Smiling Fortune, blacksmith to the gods. Crafted for his son, this blade eventually found its way into the hands of men.
How your master found it, I cannot say, but this ancient long sword is yours if you wish it.
They say Golden Star was forged as a gift to a water spirit of the Silkworm River.
A young noble convinced the Great Eastern Serpent to fly him to the stars, where he dipped this staff in the tail of a comet.
It could be pure fantasy, but this staff certainly isn't. It's strong and has an excellent reach. Your foes will tremble if they see you wielding it.
One more thing you need to know. These weapons strike with deadly precision, but to wield them safely you must focus with each strike.
Master Li has been training you so that you'd be ready for this kind of weapon, and the drain won't be crippling, but you will get tired over time.
I'm afraid not. She would not be able to handle one of these weapons quite yet.
I'll explain why in a moment, but suffice it to say that very few people have your aptitude for maintaining focus in battle.
In time, Dawn Star will be able to handle a weapon like this, but don't discount the blade I gave her. Master Li wanted her to have the keenest steel I could find.
A monk's spade is a deadly adaptation of a simple tool. It's a graceful weapon, wielded like a staff, but with a bladed end. Most deadly.
This monk's spade is ancient, and some say it was even used by our first Emperor, Sagacious Tien. Whether that's true or not, this is a fine, fine weapon.
Not that I can recall, but Gujin, there are already bandits here in Two Rivers!
In something of a foul mood, are we? Nothing you can do to cheer her up, Dawn Star?
Not right now, Gujin! There's already bandits here in Two Rivers!
You know you came here with Master Li as just a babe. I came not long after, and I've been holding onto a weapon for you ever since.
Where did Master Li find these weapons?
Is there anything special about these weapons?
Tell me about the long sword, Fortune's Favorite.
I will take Fortune's Favorite.
Let me hear about the staff, Golden Star.
I will take Golden Star.
Couldn't you give whichever weapon I don't pick to Dawn Star?
Trap sprung ... Focus evade!
What are you doing here if you're the Master Excavator?
Kill the rest.
They are unimportant.
The rockets opened a path to a new area. The gem must be in there somewhere.
The Bridge
We're safer if I destroy the enemies they send. I prefer an active defense.
One of your kind came for me many years ago. I told her that I wanted to see my daughter grow up, and she allowed me to stay.
Your kind are... were... shepherds of the dead, but that never meant you were heartless. She said one day another of her order would come for me. Ironic, really.
This path leads out of the Temple courtyard. We must turn around if we are to help the others.
I don't care where we go, as long as I fight something soon.
Really, we should consider making our way back to the Temple!
Yes, yes, just keep the wine flowing, and I'll make sure your head stays on your shoulders.
However much I would enjoy your conversation, I really think we should concentrate on not getting killed for now.\n
You already have an armor gem slotted.
Current Amulet Slot:
Imperial City  - Rich Sector
Good luck with your search! I have to get back to the estate. So much to do.
aaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
How can you resist?!
No longer!
Death!
An end!
You have poisoned me...
You die here!
You resist me?
Traitor!
I will see you dead!
I have been poisoned!?
Your memory will burn!
You blocked *ME*?!
Die fool!
You can never win!
You're mine!
I'll crush you!
I'll defeat you!
Your village burns!
I've healed myself!
You... you poisoned me??
For honor!
Learn your place!
I *will* defeat you!
The time has come!
I am... not well.
I *cannot* be defeated!
How dare you resist me!
My Master's will!
Die insect!
I restore myself!
You *dare* poison *me*?!
Your defence is superb.
Attack!
I test my skill!
Once more!
I have restored myself.
I have been... poisoned?
Could! Could hold it. Stop questioning admittedly improbable things. Do you want to walk, or do you want to get there?
Yes! *That's* the mantra of the inventor looking for results! Let little things fall where they may, the big stuff is raised by more than just proper knots and metal.
The more I know about your machines, the less I understand them, and the less I wish I did.
I pick a more impressive form to emulate, but not one so grand that my attempt insults it. You need to stop worrying so much. Really.
If I fretted about every bolt that fell off in flight, let me tell you I'd never get any sleep. Er... perhaps you should forget I said that.
I am not a child, Princess. And perhaps Two Rivers *was* on the borderlands, but the simple honesty of that life is something you will never know.
Thankfully, you are correct.
Enough talk! Why don't you two finally settle this with your fists instead of your mouths!
You're not in the palace any more, Princess.
Yes, Dawn Star, you are far too sensitive.
Nah, I just wanted to see if I could get the vixens to scrap a little. If I have to hang around here I should at least be entertained!
Fine, fine, fine, the next flyer I build will fit someone twice your size, just in case you grow. And have a silk pillow.
If you touch anything in there, you'll be the first thing jettisoned. Keep to your business, Black Whirlwind. Leave the flying to me.
Hardly. By the time they are done, we'll have some sort of catapult only the Black Whirlwind can survive.
Or not. Hmph!
All right, you two have your little club, but some trust would be good, now and then.
What the group needs is not up to you.
Nonsense. Make the most of what you are given. For instance, when my wife says my buns are terrible, it really means they weren't completely unpalatable.
Oh, I am quite happy with my lot in life. But, if great concerns take me away from my idyllic home for seasons at a time, I will shoulder the burden as best I can.
The Plains Archer
I am aware of that, and do not need another reminder. Such scrutiny is not welcome. It never was.
My apologies.
Hmm... somewhere near one. I disregard the designs each time.
I thought the smaller flyers were earlier versions of the Dragonfly. Are you saying that you built this one without reference and just labeled it *cod6*better?*cod6*
Flyers are a product of inspiration. You don't glorify the new form by reusing parts or ideas. The Dragonfly is safe because I made it safe.
Besides, if the danger increased as you went back, that begs the existence of some primal contraption so perilous only the void beyond the heavens can hold it.
A valid concern. Kang, what precautions have you made for safety?
I don't care, it works well enough as it is.
How do you make improvements if you start fresh each time?
Everyone quiet. Silk Fox, please mind your tone.
That's enough everyone. Dawn Star, I'm sure Silk Fox meant no insult.
Heavens help us, the Black Whirlwind has the best understanding of the situation.
Let them fight, Zu. Brains and brawn, the epic struggle.
I sense a crack in your resolve, Hou.
*cod2*Upon the Plain of Barren Hope roam the tribes of the Horselords, vicious nomads who frequently raid the borders of the Empire. These nomads are raised from birth in the saddle of their horses and can ride them as if the two were part of the same animal. Indeed, one of their chief gods, a vicious half-horse warrior, combines both of these aspects. He wields a composite recurve bow and a light cavalry lance. Philosophers debate whether the horselords themselves take their weapons from their god or their god took them as his own after seen the successes his people had with them.
Evil? What does youth know of evil? Do you remember the Long Drought? The thousands who died each day? No, you do not, because we keep the peace.
We uphold the Emperor's will, and if his will holds that a few must suffer so that the many can enjoy peace, then it *is* correct.
Try? You amuse me, whelp. You must think yourself skilled beyond measure. Youth's illusions are often the most persuasive.
You are a presumptuous fool. Your death stands before you and yet you mewl threats like a kitten. Pathetic.
You had to be stopped. The Lotus Assassins are clearly evil.
Are you here to try and stop me? If so, spare me the lecture.
Your skills are great.
Die, whelp!
You cannot defeat me!
Your death is inevitable!
Betrayer!
I am a god!
Fear your Master!
My... my body... Poisoned?!
My skill is unmatched!
Lord Lao's Furnace
Change
Change/Select
[The writing on this clay tablet is strangely illegible. Rather than just being poorly inscribed, it seems to change as you try to read it.]
[You notice that the amulet you found in this room has started to glow dimly.]
[You're certain that there's something magical about this clay seal.]
[The amulet glows brighter, and suddenly the inscription on the clay seal is clearly legible.]
[You strike the seal, but your blow does nothing. As this seems to be only simple clay, you should have been able to shatter it. Clearly magic is at work.]
[You step away from the seal.]
[Hold up the amulet you found in this room.]
[Try to smash the seal.]
[Leave the seal alone.]
Map Style
How can you not have gone mad?
It's Over
Disabled
You have blocked me...
Nothingness calls!
I prevail!
I mend myself.
Your poison... interesting.
Die, insect!
Temple Records
*cod2*A collection of logs, notes and records maintained by the Yun family up until roughly fifteen years ago. One entry catches your eye.*cod2**cod2**cod6*My son seems utterly disinterested in the temple, and I worry that he pays no attention to the lessons I try to impart. The key, of course, remains in knowing that the seasons which most affect a forest are summer and winter, and the colors associated with these two seasons. If I am right and my lessons fly from his head as quickly as they can, then I fear for his safety should he attempt the ritual incorrectly. These furnaces are an ancient magic, and ancient magics draw dark attentions.*cod6**cod2**cod2*Another note, entered a bit later, reads, *cod6*As I feared, my son pays little heed. Perhaps I will install something to remind him. Violet is not our family color, but I hope it can be a potent reminder.*cod6*
Master Radiant's Urn
[Read one of the inscriptions.]
[Let the spirits rest.]
[The most perfect creature to ever walk the earth. Fung Si Wei.]
Gem Inventory
Too long or too stupid, I'm not sure which. Besides, why would I want to do that? That'd be like... taking away my urge to piss. What's the good in that?
And you wear the skin of a thief. Look to yourself for a foolish place to lay your trust. Your own house needs attention before you attack your neighbor.
That is probably the wisest course to take. A lonely one, but it will keep you safe.
I didn't mean to upset anyone. I thought our shared strangeness was fairly obvious. I apologize.
That is my business, thank you. I think I'm through talking about this.
I know, I don't want to impose on anyone.
If you change your mind, let me know. Few people can impose on people as well as I can.
If this is the worst we encounter, I'm leaving! Now quit talking, and start finding me fools to kill.
Extra blankets! All you need is some strong wine to keep you warm at night. Hey, do you think you could find us some of that strong wine you're talking about?
I'll make sure you have extra blankets, Dawn Star.
Both of you are suspect, as far as I'm concerned.
Find the gem
Cauldron
Cogs and Arms
Training Area
I'm so lonely
Go through the questions to help you get through the morning.
Table
Jar
Stool
Bonsai Tree
Cabinet
Corpses
Brazier
Stalagmites
Rock
Flagpole
Lantern
Hamstand
Bookstand
Scrollstand
[There is an audible click as you approach the altar. You have a feeling it is out of coins.]
[The sphere doesn't change in color. The statue seems to have finished whatever purpose it served.]
[The statue dispenses a silver coin, but there is an audible click afterwards. An unfamiliar voice emanates from the lion.]
Persistence is a virtue, but time wears at you as you wear at your objective. There is always another way to look at a problem.
He's not the only one who's had to spend some time in hiding in this garden. I, however, did my research.
This is clearly Creative Yukong, though I'm not sure he's earned his name.
Where did *that* come from, Sky?
Take control of Dawn Star to defend the bridge while Kang sets his charges!
Take control of Silk Fox to defend the bridge while Kang sets his charges!
Take control of Black Whirlwind to defend the temple!
Take control of Chai Ka to defeat the Lotus Assassins!
Take control of Ya Zhen to defeat the Lotus Assassins!
Take control of Wild Flower to defeat the Lotus Assassins!
Don't tell him anything. I know your kind, Sky. Pilfering things from honest men, inciting the wrath of their wives. Sure, you help us now, but what chaos will you bring?
Constantly. From urchins stealing buns to the theft of an entire oven! The Imperial City is thick with his type.
Well, I assure you I had nothing to do with that. As far as I can remember. The Imperial City, you say? Yes, I'm almost certain that wasn't me.
Of course. I am sorry. I'm sure he won't stoop to stealing from friends.
Of course not. I am shocked, *shocked,* at the level of mistrust in this group.
Money is only good for spending, and I let it flow as freely as Gao would allow. He and his allies had extensive resources.
And once we have satisfied our primary goals, hopefully we will be able to take advantage of that.
I'm not ashamed of what I was, I disagree with what they became. Do even you judge me, Kang? You served the enemy, as well.
No, I served my craft. I must build what I must build. If others misuse my creations, it isn't my concern.
If I had not made my flyers for Gao, you would not have one now. It all works out.
And you avoid all guilt if it doesn't. A masterful work of self-deception.
And Gao the Greater would not have been as powerful as he was. It doesn't matter to me, but there are consequences to every action.
It sounds like you've had trouble with thieves before, Hou.
Quiet. I won't tolerate infighting. Our cause is too important.
I'd be interested to know if you squirreled away any of Gao's resources, Kang.
You bear no responsibility for how what you make is used?
If Kang had hesitated, he wouldn't be here to benefit us.
Pirates have raided local villages using flyers, swooping down like locusts. Minister Sheng said he would stop them, but his promises have done nothing.
You can find Sheng near his still-smoldering office in the center of town. I'm sure he will welcome your assistance, even if your reasons are your own.
Do you have any idea where I could find a new flyer?
Mistress Vo
Defeating the horse demon taught you a style that gives you the ability to transform into a horse demon yourself.\n
The Use of the Spear
*cod2*The spear is the deadliest of weapons in the hands of a master. No other weapon can compare. Its length and reach allow a skilled user to strike with impunity from a distance, far from any retaliation, while the power of its strike is formidable. All the user's energy is focused on one tiny little point, allowing him to strike with blinding speed and punch through almost any armor. Additionally, the force with which an enemy approaches the user may be turned against him, adding to the power of the thrust. This is doubly valuable against a mounted enemy.
The Hidden Leaf
*cod2*In the Year of the Thousand Axes, there arose a warrior of such power and skill that none of his enemies, even champions of the Empire, could face him. He was Leaf. He was not a bloody man, and he disdained fighting for its own sake. He was the protector of a section of the Great Southern Forest. His duty was not to enforce law or order in his domain, but to protect something hidden, something secret, farther in the forest. It is not known what it was he was guarding, for one day he simply disappeared. Challenges went unanswered, and logging gradually reduced that section of the forest to fields.
Text of War
*cod2*In the art of war, it is not enough to have superiority in numbers, or strength in arms. True victory, lasting victory, is a cultural thing. To stop a conflict, you must not only defeat armies, you must defeat the will to fight. You must appease your enemy, convince them they have won, or eradicate them utterly. A nation with an expansive population, therefore, benefits from extermination. With a surplus of peasants, a newly cleared land can be rapidly repopulated, and, with an infrastructure of buildings already in place, made productive in short order. In the reign of Emperor Yuan Xi this was demonstrated most admirably in the marshlands to the south.
Yes, yes, let's all have a good laugh at the expense of the bun master. We'll see how funny it is the next time your sipping some of my soup, hmm?
Another game, Vo, or do you tire of losing?
Visit jade.bioware.com for more info on Jade Empire
Press BACK to pause and see controller setup.
You learned Horse Demon style. Use your Fight Style keys to switch styles!
Perhaps I will train others, as you have trained me.
I long to leave this tiny place. I am meant for great things.
Cannot heal
Cannot use Chi
I was able to guide you here because there was an instant between the Emperor's death and when Sun Li claimed my power. I regained some energy, but that moment has passed.
The Glorious Strategist laid his plans carefully. The only thing he could not account for was my intervention in the instant after the Emperor's death before he took my power.
You were doomed long before I or my abbot entered your company. Had you deviated from Sun Li's plan, he would have ended his experiment at a time I was still helpless.
You have used me just as Master Li used me.
Horse Lord Tactics
*cod2*Unlike the ordered armies of the Jade Empire, the Horselords favor lightly armored units of horsemen, who can move rapidly over the field of battle. Moving like a rushing tide, small groups of horsemen harry all angles of their opponents' flanks. Armed with bows, almost to a man, these mounted archers can rain destruction upon unprepared foes. While the Horselord tactics are surprisingly effective, their men lack the discipline of the Imperial Army; for all the damage they can inflict the horselord forces have difficulty holding strategic locations. For now, the Jade Empire exists in an uneasy peace with the Horselords, leaving the savages to their arid lands north of the Seat of Heaven Province.
The Tricksters
*cod2*The fox spirits are among the most wily and deceptive of all the minions of heaven. They think nothing of playing games with mortals, and they often follow no rules at all. Though some are said to serve honorably in the Celestial Bureaucracy, many more have made their mark in more sinister ways. Tales of demons snatching children from their beds, husbands and wives led astray, and good men led into lives of excess and murderous depravity are all the work of these spirits. Never, should you value your life, trust one of this breed completely, no matter how honorable their intentions seem.
The Old Tongue, Vol. 1
*cod2**cod6*Tho Fan,*cod6* or The Old Tongue, was the native language of one of many kingdoms struggling for supremacy before the Empire was unified by Sagacious Tien, our first Emperor. As the wars raged, constant shifts in territorial leadership spread the use of the Old Tongue. By the time Sagacious Tien formed the Empire, the Old Tongue was so widely spread that it became a second official language of the Jade Empire.
The Old Tongue, Vol. 2
*cod2*There is no word in the Old Tongue for language. It merely is. There is no word for their people, since all of the original speakers of that language were *cod6*the people.*cod6* The closest word they had was *cod6*us.*cod6* Similarly, their word for their homeland was the same word they applied to the entire world.*cod2**cod2*In time, the true center of the world, the Jade Empire, emerged and breached the mountain surrounding this isolated civilization. As is often the case, savages cannot understand the benefits of a superior culture and must be forcibly educated in it for their own good. The wisdom of the emperors prevailed, and those people joined the growing Jade Empire.
The Old Tongue, Vol. 3
*cod2*The speakers of Tho Fan joyfully took to their new status as people of the Empire. After a small period of persecution, they became equals in our grand design and part of our glorious destiny. Indeed, they became such an integral part of the Empire that they spread to every corner of it, focusing mainly in the south and the Prosperous East. *cod2**cod2*The Old Tongue became the second language of the Empire over the subsequent centuries and is spoken nearly everywhere. Indeed, most citizens of the Empire can understand and speak all the major languages, and even some of the regional dialects, with ease. The language reforms of Empress Heavenly Flower gave all citizens a common written language, which applied equally to all major tongues. In this way, centuries later, all who can read and write are understood everywhere in the Empire.
The Celestial Order, Vol. 1
*cod2*The world is a place of order. When order is not enforced, chaos reigns. Chaos is the natural state of the world. The order that currently exists is the result of the power of the Great Dragon. Out of this streaming chaos, the Great Dragon created the world, perfect in every way. But nature, the forces of the universe, demand balance. For every bit of order, there must be corresponding chaos. That first world, that perfect world, was pure order. It could not last.*cod2**cod2*The perfect order choked life and did not allow growth, and so chaos was allowed back into the world.
The Celestial Order, Vol. 2
*cod2*The Great Dragon loosed chaos upon the world he had created, separating man from the beasts and laying the foundation for the eventual order that would unite humanity: this glorious Jade Empire. The great animal spirits of the past were cast out from the human communities, and Man was forever separated and elevated above the common beasts. Man was now the guardian of order, imposing his will on nature and shaping it to his desire.*cod2**cod2*But balance must exist in all things. Man was a bastion of order, with chaos in his heart. For as long as the world remains in chaos, man will always war and strive against his fellow man. This is the way of nature. Until the Great Dragon returns to bring the world to order or humanity brings itself above the cycle of nature, this is the way it will always be.
The Celestial Order, Vol. 3
*cod2*The Celestial Bureaucracy is made up of all the servants that the Great Dragon left behind to administer creation. According to the priests and augers, they know nothing of their creator or where it has gone. The Great Dragon has transcended heaven, they say. They, in their faithfulness, remain behind.*cod2**cod2*Or so they say. Over the millennia, many have fallen from their duties and have become part of the chaos in the world. This, we can only suppose, is part of creation as well. But as representatives of order, humanity suffers most from the attentions of these chaotic spirits and demons.
The Nature of the Spirit, Vol. 1
*cod2*Mankind has long known that we are not alone in this world. Descended from heaven, risen from the ground, present all around us are spirits. These beings often go unseen, but when they choose to interact with us, the effect is usually profound. But what are these beings? Are they people who have died? Are they servants created at the beginning of the world by the Great Dragon? Are they something else entirely? Or are they all of the above?*cod2**cod2*In my research I have managed to find and communicate with a number of them. I contacted some through priests or relatives, when it was a spirit returned from the dead. But other encounters were much stranger.
The Nature of the Spirit, Vol. 2
*cod2*One encounter brought vividly to mind was deep in a mine along the ridges near the Land of Howling Spirits. I was searching for a spirit I had seen the previous day, a spirit of moss and fungus that dwelt in this abandoned mine. Years earlier the mines were so prosperous that several communities depended on them for their livelihood, but collapses, fires, and unexplained disappearances in the mines led people to become more and more fearful of them. A local monk ventured in one night after hearing a disturbance, and he was never seen again. Thereafter, miners repeatedly reported hearing screams in the deepest tunnels in the voice of that young monk.
The Nature of the Spirit, Vol. 3
*cod2*The folktales surrounding the disappearance of the monk did not disturb me. The mines had been inactive for a century or more, and the surrounding villages had long since decayed. Any spirit that fed upon humans or human emotion or pain would have left in search of easier prey. Or so I had thought.*cod2**cod2*As I searched for the moss spirit that had brought me to the depths of that mine, I began to wonder if the legends were true after all. If the spirit or whatever it was that had driven away the miners could reside there still. In my mind, I began to hear the whispers in the dark and the screams and cries of those who lost their lives ages ago.
The Nature of the Spirit, Vol. 4
*cod2*It is said in the journals of the lost monks of the Jinzhi sect that there are spirits of every desire. By summoning that desire within themselves, men can commune with the spirit, summoning it to them. I can't imagine what kind of spirit must have been summoned in the dank of that mine. Darkness on all sides, only the slight flickering of that lamp. A great unknowable fear welled up within me. Those ancient monks knew too much, I think. They communed with their own dark desires too often. In that place, I, too, faced my fears. The circumstance and research that led me to that point scarcely prepared me for what I faced. The Dweller in the Depths spoke to me.
The Nature of the Spirit, Vol. 5
*cod2*It is clear to me now what manner of creatures these spirits are, and it is also clear what their goals are. For all that their lies portray them to be, the Celestial Bureaucracy is nothing more than the subjugation of man by the eternal beings of that court. The Dweller has shown me many things, many dark and terrible truths I could not have seen before, but which are clear to me now.*cod2**cod2*When I return, I know what they will say. The Emperor, the one closest to heaven, is their tool, their puppet. I know they will send him against me, fearing the power of my knowledge. Oh yes, I know. They will burn my works, but I must make copies, as the Dweller said, spreading my dark knowledge far enough that it will never be destroyed.*cod2**cod2*Remember this, reader: To a spirit, any spirit, the life of a human is worthless. We are tools and toys for their amusement alone.
Music and the Arts
*cod2*Music and the other arts are vital parts of life in the Jade Empire. As with any truly civilized people, even the common man can enjoy the benefits of music in his daily life. Only the music of the Jade Empire itself truly satiates this primal urge. The lesser, more savage peoples that surround us know nothing of true culture, and their primitive beatings and wailing cannot touch the soul as truly as have the masterpieces of Water Swallow or the heart-wrenching tragedy of Falling Star. For this reason, if not others, it is our duty as a cultured people to bring civilization and joy of the arts to those less advanced and gifted societies.
Perception
*cod2*What do you see? Is it what you think? Or is that just what you want to think? Isn't it much more pleasant to always see what you like, rather than what you don't? Would it be that much of a problem? Why not always view the world as perfect, discarding this tedious, fragile mortal shell for the bliss of the mind? This is the power that some spirits can offer. True enlightenment, true freedom from guilt and fear and the shackles of daily life. The priests and officials tell you that spirits are only there to tempt and steal and inflict pain, but that is part of *their* vision. It is their way of controlling you. The spirits are not our enemies, they are our saviors. Only by accepting their vision as truth can we be free.
I have no effect.
Yah!
Hunh!
Hai-yah!
Shaa!
Hwa!
I am weakened.
YAAAH!
It is a tool and a focus. It allows you to understand the power you can wield, and to use the essence gems that so many discount as trinkets.
We alone can draw on more than one gem at a time. You can do this even without the physical amulet, now that you know your true nature.
Dismembered Ghost
Loading
After seeing your skill against the novices of the school, First Brother Kai has asked you to join the Black Leopard School. It would appear that the Black Leopard School is having some difficulties deciding which master to follow.
The Black Leopard School
Returning to Start Menu
Yes, that's the way. I knew you'd be up for it. Off we go. Everyone be ready for our return.
Make every shot count. We'll need the help.
Well flown and fought! It didn't stop them, but that black eye will make them think twice about our resolve! Now, back to bringing down the bridge.
You better have enough explosives left. Dawn Star and I can't hold them off forever.
During the night I made some, ah, reinforcements to the Marvelous Dragonfly. I don't sleep much, you see. Ever. Anyway, I doubt we could escape, but we can make a dent.
A short run in the flyer to take the brunt of their advance? It might be a worthwhile mission. Or it might be suicide.
Well, what isn't these days? It's not necessary. I leave the decision to our illustrious leader.
Fine, let's fight them in the air. We can assault the bridge after.
Forget the flyer. We'll face them on the ground without it.
You encountered two masters involved in a game of yi, a strategic game in which white and black pieces struggle to control territory on a board. It seems their games extend to the world around them, as both have offered to train you in their style, but only if you can prove that you follow one of their competing philosophies.
An Ancient Game
Dirge - Outer Courtyard (Spirit Realm)
Store
Base Camp
Plot Giver
I think I am out of scraps and notes. Still, something about the movement of the Furnace prompted me to scratch this down. I hope it helps.
I passed along what knowledge I have. If those clues don't help, I don't know where you should turn.
Announcer
Gem of Order
Gem of Solidarity
Gem of Unity
Brilliant Gem of Balance
Scintillating Gem of Power
Gem of Unyielding Strength
Gem of the Infinite Spirit
Gem of Inner Genius
The Hero's Prize
The Wanderer's Jewel
The Mournful Soul
The Soft Petal
Good Fortune
Gentle Persuasion
Strong Arm
Divine Radiance
Sixth Sense
Body +1*cod2*Mind +1*cod2*Spirit +1*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Knowing one's proper place in the order of creation is a step toward enlightenment. Accepting one's place and fulfilling one's own purpose leads to greater resolve and strength. This gem has been in the hands of people who know that order brings peace, both inner and outer. A like-minded individual can draw strength from it.      *cod2*
Body +2*cod2*Mind +2*cod2*Spirit +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Some realize that to be a productive member of society one must set aside one's own selfishness and greed. One must band with others of a like mind to achieve the best possible, not for one's self, but for the greater whole. The solidarity of heroes flows through this gem, empowering the wielder with their purpose.*cod2**cod2*
Body +3*cod2*Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*To find true unity, one must set aside one's egotism and know that all are one. The shared fate of the entire Empire matters, not that of the individual. The strength and sacrifices of the Empire's greatest heroes empowers those who would tap the power of this gem.
Body +4*cod2*Mind +4*cod2*Spirit +4*cod2**cod2*No matter what a person's path in life, fate, destiny, and human desire decide how far one goes. Whether on a path of peace or of power, the will must exist in balance with the needs of the body, the mind, and the spirit. When all are one, then true mastery can be achieved. This gem allows its wielder to balance the forces within, strengthening the whole.
Body +5*cod2*Mind +5*cod2*Spirit +5*cod2**cod2*When one is at peace, one can achieve a form of transcendence. The goal of every true master and every true scholar is to surpass the physical form and unite one with one's own spirit. In that moment of transcendence, all limits fall away, and a person can perform at levels never before thought possible.\n
Body +10*cod2*Mind -5*cod2*Spirit -5*cod2**cod2*This gem makes its wielder capable of great physical feats that are normally only possible with years of training. The sudden improvement to the user's physical abilities disrupts inner balance, however, and so the gem also siphons essence from its wielder's spiritual and mental capabilities, weakening those aspects to fuel the wearer's unyielding body.
Spirit +10*cod2*Body -5*cod2*Mind -5*cod2**cod2*A powerful spirit usually takes decades to attain, but this gem offers ambitious seekers a short cut to that lofty goal. The gem empowers its wearer's spiritual energy by imbalancing the user's physical and mental abilities.
Mind +10*cod2*Body -5*cod2*Spirit -5*cod2**cod2*This gem imparts great wisdom and mental abilities to its wearer, but it teaches a lesson of its own: that great and sudden power is only available at a great price. The wielder's mental capacity is greatly strengthened, but at the cost of his or her physical and spiritual abilities.
Body +3*cod2*Mind +3*cod2*Spirit -5*cod2**cod2*The first victor of the Imperial Arena was the supremely cunning and vicious Gao Mahn. Undefeated for 15 years, he earned the lasting favor of the people and the Emperor himself. In recognition of his deeds, he was given wealth, property and this gem. Unfortunately, warriors cannot adjust to peace easily, and he soon squandered his prizes and reportedly died of a very conspicuous illness in a waterfront whorehouse.
Body +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Mind -5*cod2**cod2*A musician who traveled the breadth of the Empire was once the owner of this gem. He carried it with him for years. His fame spread ahead of him, and he was welcomed in all corners of the Empire. No one knows what became of him, for Imperial Edict erased his legacy for crimes unknown. Surely, despite his other obvious strengths, he must have committed some folly that secured his downfall.
Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Body -5*cod2**cod2*The Grandfather River flows through the Empire, taking with it a tale of years too long for human memory. Sailors of merchant vessels on the river speak of the ghost of a woman crying out in agony. She has been named the Grandfather's Daughter. Only once has she come ashore, and legends say she left behind a single tear in the form a gem. Every single owner of that gem, as the legends go, has felt her pain and sorrow throughout his life, his body wracked by pain but his mind and spirit made sharper by its clarity.
Charm +5*cod2*Body +1*cod2*Mind +1*cod2**cod2*In the reign of the Empress Sun Lin, arts flourished, especially dancing and poetry. The Empress surrounded herself with beautiful young women, masters in their respective art forms. The most admired, and most talked about was the dancer called the Divine Rose. When the Empress' life was cut short, Divine Rose was heartbroken and wept for days, dying from grief shortly thereafter. Legends say that her tears of grief are what gave power to this gem, imbuing it both with her grief and with her passion.
Intuition +5*cod2*Mind +1*cod2*Spirit +1*cod2**cod2*Master Gambler Wu Pin was the scourge of betting houses across the Empire. Rumor has it that one would never know he was present until it was too late, because he would always lose every single game until the very end, when he would reach into his pocket and finger his lucky gem, which would bolster his intuition and bring him victory in the final, and most expensive, gamble.
Intimidation +5*cod2*Body +1*cod2*Spirit +1*cod2**cod2*The Yung family was well respected in the Imperial City and had a tradition of dedicating their lives to public service. They served as town guards and city officials for many generations. They were renowned for their force of personality, able to get what they wanted from others through reputation and physical presence. Passed down from father to son through each generation was an heirloom, a simple gem that was always prominently worn. The gem, Gentle Persuasion, was eventually gambled away by an unlucky heir, and the fates conspired to disgrace the family shortly after.
Intimidation +8*cod2*Charm -3*cod2*Intuition -3*cod2**cod2*Protector Lo Wan was an enforcer for an openly secret society that offered *cod6*protection*cod6* to merchants and citizens throughout the Empire. In return for regular payments, the surprising number of *cod6*accidents*cod6* that occur were greatly reduced. Coincidentally, these *cod6*accidents*cod6* often occurred in the presence of Protector Lo Wan, and he became very persuasive in getting more business for his organization. As his star rose, so did his tastes. His penchant for gaudy jewelry eventually led to his acquiring this gem, and, at the time of his death at the hands of a crowd of angry merchants, some of his skill was imprinted in it.
Charm +8*cod2*Intimidation -3*cod2*Intuition -3*cod2**cod2*One of the reasons behind the formation of the Order of the Lotus was the potential influence of a rising priesthood. The personal magnetism and radiance of the Priestess Wu Lin made her an object of desire and near-worship throughout the Empire. In the hands of one with less devotion to the Empire, these powers of persuasion could have had a disastrous effect on the balance of power in the land. For this reason, members of the Order of the Lotus wore featureless masks so that their physical blessings would not give them too much power.
Intuition +8*cod2*Charm -3*cod2*Intimidation -3*cod2**cod2*Never has a man or woman had greater fortune than a lowly farmer named Jun Bin. His mother gave him an amulet on the day of his birth, and he only removed it at the end of his life. He never knew misfortune and, indeed, could not understand it when others tried to explain it to him. He was kind but distracted, neither loved nor hated. The evils and ills of the world just never touched him, as if he was always in exactly the right place to avoid danger and harm. Such goes against the order of the Heavens, though, and the one time he removed the amulet, the Heavens struck him down.
Ha! That's the way. Keep showing that kind of spirit and you might just survive.
Ha! Luck will have nothing to do with it.
No spine in the children born in this wet time, Vo. None at all.
You know as well as I that this one was born at the end of the Long Drought, Jian.
Yes, there is that. Well, at least you had the gumption to test yourself against me without hesitation. Let us return to our game. My *cod6*pupil*cod6* will return later, I'm sure.
You begin to understand what I have to teach, but I do not think you yet understand enough of the Way of the Closed Fist.
Continue to broaden your understanding of the Way, and I will consider you. For now, I will not.
You do not seek my training. You understand nothing of the Way of the Closed Fist
Perhaps you should talk to my counterpart. She would likely coddle your adherence to the weak Way of the Open Palm.
It did not prove so weak when we clashed, Jian.
Hrmph. You will stop to save a kitten from an ox cart one day, and you will hear me laughing from the shadows as that cart runs you down.
Me? There is little to say. I am a warrior, and I refuse to let time bend me as it has so many others. My only failing, as I see it, sits across from me.
She was my student once. Back when she had some sense, she was fearsome on the battlefield. Lords demanded our services, and we could have bathed in the silver they paid us.
That was before I realized that Jian caused as much trouble as he solved. We had a falling out, and I went my own way.
You became a peacemaker! Coddling the nobles and encouraging them not to fight. Foolish.
I only fight when it is necessary, and only when other options have failed, Jian. It does not make my actions any less significant.
She taunts me like this every year. Foolishness.
The body can be trained to ignore its own failings.
I am not the man I was forty years ago, but you were no one at all. It balances out in my eyes.
Then we are done?
Tempest is the most discordant of the magical styles. Only those who are true to discord--who draw strength from it--can command the raging storms.
Fire and ice are transient, but to anger the winds requires the strength of will that comes from my Way.
Impress me and show me that you understand more than the basics of the Way of the Closed Fist, and I will consider teaching you the mysteries of Tempest.
We have met here to play Yi, of course. A friendly match you insist on interrupting.
If we had a board with us, it would be easier to turn away, but Mistress Vo and I have long since moved past needing such novelties.
Yi is played on a board marked with nineteen horizontal and vertical lines. The objective is to place a series of stones to control the most territory by the game's end.
It is an ancient game, known by many names, but we prefer to call it by one of its oldest monikers.
You should learn it sometime. It helps to focus the mind and to understand that every action must have a purpose.
Desperation, mostly. Neither Vo nor I have the time to carry around our boards, or the exquisite slate pieces. Our lives are too full of battle to risk such things.
So we have learned to make this a contest of the mind. To hold the game at the front of our thoughts.
How long has it been since I realized what a fool you are, Jian?
Pfaw! Thirty years ago, you decided to embrace *cod6*harmony.*cod6* Why did I teach you anything, I wonder?
Because you saw potential in me, the same way I now see potential in you. The Way of the Closed Fist must become a tiring way to live at your age, Jian.
Come back when you feel you understand the Way of the Closed Fist. I might consider teaching you a little something, if you do.
Yes, do that.
You fight well for a young man. You strike with strength, but also with purpose. You will go far in this world, and possibly....
Careful.
Well... that is something you will determine for yourself, isn't it?
Nothing of import. Just an old man's mutterings. Don't worry yourself about them.
I would say that you have. In my youth, you would not have had such an easy time of it, you understand!
Indeed I did.
Well? Hurry up and train the girl, Jian. She's clearly not the type who likes to be kept waiting. You wouldn't teach her if she were.
Would you quit prattling and train the lad, Jian? Your best students tend to be quick to anger and unforgiving of old goats.
How little you know my way, Vo. This one's too smart to kill me *before* learning my style.
Here. I will teach you how to demand the obedience of the winds and the storms. The secrets of Tempest will be yours!
There. You have it now.
No one should call me Master. I am just Jian the Iron Fist. I stopped being a master when my best student decided my teachings were flawed.
Not flawed, Jian, just misguided. You shouldn't take it so personally.
No, there is still more to learn, but you can only learn it yourself.
Remember to remain true to the discord in your heart. Only then will the storms serve you as you wish.
I think it's time we were leaving, don't you, Jian?
Indeed. Enough games for now. I will see you again next year, Vo?
You think you'll live until next year, Jian? You know our paths will cross on the field of battle sooner than that.
Ha! You've said that for twenty years. Time will win a victory you cannot.
Just when I was about to crush Mistress Vo's position. Ah well, Yi is a patient game. What do you want of me?
Is that so? Let me see.
Hmph. You think you understand the Way of the Closed Fist do you? We shall see.
Face me. Show me your strength. Show me that you are a better student than Vo ever was.
Be wary. This old tiger has sharp fangs and long claws. He can teach you a style rarely used in the Jade Empire, but you will have to beat it out of him.
What were you about to say there?
Have I proven myself sufficiently to you?
Enough talking. You promised to teach me if I could beat you.
An honor to learn from you, Master.
You have taught me everything?
I seek your training, Master Jian.
Do we truly need to fight? Couldn't you just train me?
I'll happily face you right now.
If you're lucky, I won't kill you.
I don't want to fight you right now.
What's your history with Mistress Vo?
How can you fight at your age?
That's all I wished to know about you.
Explain to me the principles of the Tempest style.
Remind me why you two are here again?
Tell me about Yi. How is it played?
How can you play a game with no pieces or board?
How long have you two been playing?
I'll leave you to your game.
Well done. Very few can withstand Stone Immortal; only those who understand the world around them, in fact.
You understand your place, and yet you are not afraid to use your strength when it is required. That will serve you well in this lifetime, and....
Good. This will not be an easy test, but I suspect you are ready for it.
You need to be ready. Find peace, and then return to me.
There's no spine in children born in these wet times, Vo, none at all. You had the gumption to test yourself against me without hesitation
You know as well as I that this one was born before the drought was ended, Jian.
Let her be, this matter is between us, not you. Now, it is your move, I believe.
Let him be, this matter does not concern you, except that it is now your move.
You have some understanding of the Way of the Open Palm, but Stone Immortal is not easily taught.
Return to me when you feel you understand the Way of the Open Palm. Then you will be ready.
Are you so certain? If you are, then you must strive to understand the Way of the Open Palm.
Perhaps you should talk to Master Jian. He reserves his respect for those who follow his philosophy.
I respect your philosophy, Vo. The Way of the Open Palm encourages weakness, and weak people are easily cowed by the rest of us.
You have not found me so weak, Jian. Not at all.
You know my name, that's really all that's important, isn't it? Not many know of my exploits outside of the Prosperous East.
I was once his student, until I decided I couldn't agree with all of his teachings. He was an excellent master, but I couldn't follow his philosophies.
Twenty years have passed since we parted ways, and while we disagree on principle, I can't help but feel some affection for the old man.
Old! Ha, there's more life still left in these old bones than you've ever had.
This is why we only meet once a year to play Yi. Jian the Iron Fist is best taken in... small doses.
A wonderful province, and yes, one that I call home. You should visit sometime and see the wonders of Phoenix Gate.
Of course, the Imperial City still stands as the greatest city, but Phoenix Gate has its own charms. Standing on the sea of glass, it is a hub of trade.
Each year, Jian and I make our way here to the Seat of Heaven province to meet for a few days of Yi. It's something of a ritual.
It was nice to talk for a while.
Stone Immortal allows you to control the earth itself. It is not easy to master.
To understand the earth, you must be aware of all things around you, and understand that they are all connected in one way or another.
That is why Stone Immortal is only taught to those who follow the Way of the Open Palm. Our sense of harmony aids us in persuading the earth to serve as our ally.
We come here each year to play Yi. Its mysteries are subtle, but the play of white on black, the struggle for territory, and the delicate strategy provide endless entertainment.
To be fair, I'm not sure if we enjoy the game or bickering more.
You should ask Jian. He is the expert on this ancient game. Or so he likes to believe.
When you feel that you sufficiently understand the Way of the Open Palm, return to me.
As I said. That will serve you well.
Don't mind me. I was just thinking out loud. Students of your caliber are rare.
None. You walk the high path, and you are a skilled warrior. That is enough for me.
If you're finished with this little charade of a test, could you please train the girl, Vo? Further coddling will only weaken her.
If you two are finished praising each other's relative harmonies, would you please train the lad, Vo? My stomach won't handle more sugar.
Don't mind him. Men become temperamental at his age,\n
Here, let me teach you to coax the earth to do your bidding. Only your connection to the world and your understanding of your place will convince them.
There, you have it.
It was an honor to teach what I could. I am not the instructor Master Jian was, but his lessons would not have suited your temperament.
I am just Jian the Iron Fist. My best pupil turned away from my instructions, after all.
Remember to remain true to the high path. The earth only serves those who know their place among all things.
Enough of this. I would say our game is concluded, Vo. It is time we parted ways.
Indeed. Shall we meet again next year, Jian?
You won't last that long. Our paths will cross, and you'll learn that this old tiger still has all his teeth.
You have made that proclamation every year for two decades. Those teeth must be frightfully long by now. How ever do you open your mouth anymore?
Until next year, you old goat.
Always a pleasure to talk to another warrior. My game of Yi with Jian can wait a moment. What can I do for you?
Yes, I know. It is good that you have come to me. You deserve to learn to control the earth, but you must also learn that the stone can never truly be controlled.
What she means to say is that if you cannot defeat her Stone Immortal style, the earth will tear you apart, or swallow you whole.
It is the only way you will learn the true secrets of Stone Immortal. I will not force you into this decision.
There is no need to fight at all, but if you wish to learn and to grow, you must be prepared to make sacrifices and take risks.
The key is to ensure that those risks are worthwhile for all involved. I'm sure you know what you must do in this case.
Are there other tasks I must complete before you train me?
An honor to learn from you, Mistress Vo.
I seek your training, Mistress Vo.
I will face Stone Immortal with no fear in my heart.
What's the story between you and Jian?
You spend most of your time in the Prosperous East?
Explain to me the principles of the Stone Immortal style.
You play too conservatively, Vo. You must be bold when playing a game of Yi. Did I teach you nothing?
You taught me much, Jian, but the most valuable lessons were learning where you were wrong. Seventeenth square of the lion, if you please.
Hrmpf. A wise move, but you know you cannot win. You stall this game the way you hestitated to learn of harmonic combinations. You must be bold, Vo.
You are being rude, Jian. We have a guest. Let us place the game on hold a moment.
I was doing my best to ignore you, too. Very well, what do you want from Jian the Iron Fist or Mistress Vo? If you are here for training, I refuse!
We are having our game of Yi interrupted. Playing without the board or pieces is hard enough without some stranger interrupting.
Surely you know of Yi, *cod6*the capturing game?*cod6* Played on a board of nineteen rows and columns, the black and white pieces capture territory for their player.
We have simply decided to do away with the board. If one is properly focused, it is not so hard to keep the game in one's mind.
None. Too many people seek our guidance.
Do not be so hasty, Jian. You did not turn me aside all those years ago.
And look where that got us! Your foolish devotion to the Way of the Open Palm drove you from my tutelage and made you weak. No more! End of subject.
Then you should ask them of someone who cares!
Forgive him. Had my former master bothered to remember his manners, he might have told you that we are not from Tien's Landing. We know little of the events here.
The Empire posts a minister to look after this place. Sheng is his name, I think. Pester him if you must know about this place.
Jian the Iron Fist isn't honestly going to let *this* one walk away, is he? If you don't say anything, then I will, you old goat.
As much as it pains me, Vo is right. I see potential in you, greater strength than the dozens of worms who compete for my favor.
I, too, see strength, but also the capacity for understanding the world and your place in it. You could prove an interesting pupil.
Ha! Well said. You're wrong, of course, but that's the right spirit!
I will make you an offer. Show me that you understand every nuance of the Way of the Closed Fist, and I will teach you how to bend the storms to your will through Tempest.
He would like nothing more than to have you as a student, but show me that you walk the Way of the Open Palm, and I will teach you the mysteries of Stone Immortal.
I have heard of Tempest. You can control the very air using that style, but that only those who walk the Way of the Open Palm have ever mastered it.
That is a difficult choice. Both styles are said to be powerful, but only in the right hands.
Who needs magic? A pair of trusty axes at your side can do wonders controlling the earth and air never could.\n
Both Tempest and Stone Immortal are very sensitive to your... temperament. Harmony or discord can affect your ability to control air and earth respectively.
We will be here for some time, if you wish either of our tutelage, but do not ask us to guide you on your path. Learning the Ways on your own is the most important lesson.
What exactly are you doing?
What kind of training can you two offer?
I have some questions about Tien's Landing.
I'll leave you two to your game.
Maybe I should just leave you alone.
Does this mean you will train me?
I don't need your approval. There is no need to weigh my merits.
name boy
boy uncle
name boy uncle
freed shen alive
killed shen alive
freed shen dead
killed shen dead
learned
proof
boy - default
defeated
peace shen alive
peace shen dead
An Unfortunate Debt
A Few Silvers Shy
If you wish to aid the farmer in some way, talk to him on the beach outside of Two Rivers.
One of the farmers from outside Two Rivers seems to have ended his trip to the market twenty silver short from paying back a debt. He owes this debt to a man who works for Gao the Greater, your fellow student's notorious merchant father.\n
Gave Silver
You managed to persuade the farmer who owed money to Gao the Greater that there was no shame in taking a loan from you. He thanked you profusely and left to repay his debt.
Encouraged strength
You encouraged the farmer who owes money to Gao the Greater to solve his own problems and actively seek a solution. While your lesson was harsh, it seems to have done the trick, and he has vowed to find a way out of his debt.
Failed persuade
The farmer who owes money to Gao the Greater left town after refusing your offer of silver to cover his debts. For some, the shame of accepting another's charity is worse than owing money to Gao the Greater.
This path leads to the beach. Gujin's shop is north of the main square; we should really get our weapons as soon as we can.
Why are we going back to the school? We need to go to Gujin's, north of the main square in town.
To the Black Leopard School
Ceramic Urn
[Enter the Lotus Assassin Fortress.]
Interpreted furnace movement
A note scribbled by Kang after he noticed an odd pattern in the movements of Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations is in *cod6*a fortress of the dark handed ones*cod6* within the city.
The Zither of Discord
A note Kang found in pieces in Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations is near *cod6*the archivist of the Order.*cod6*
Scrap paper note
Well... er... it's... uh... 2000 silver. Yeah, 2000 silver to pass by here.
I... ah... well, ya... that's good. You're smarter than you look. You can, ah... go now.
[Success] Um... ya. That sounds good. You can, ah... you can go now.
[Failure] What? You've got to be kidding... you look like you're worth a lot more than that.
Get her!
Get him!
What's your fee exactly?
Fine. Here's your 2000 silver. Now get lost.
[Intuition] I think 500 silver is more than enough.
A note found near one of the devices in Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations is secreted away in *cod6*a dock house ministry.*cod6*
Transcribed Post Carving
A note scribbled by Kang after he translated the carvings on a post near the controls of Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations is in *cod6*a garden of ineffectual intellectuals.*cod6*
Transcribed Gear Etchings
A note scribbled by Kang after he translated some of the markings on the larger gears of Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations is in a chest somewhere in *cod6*the place of all dead.*cod6*
Found furnace note
A note found in Lord Lao's Furnace. It suggests that one of the machine's configurations may be found near the machine. *cod6*They can't all be secreted across the Empire. Who has the time?*cod6*
I don't have any other clues to give at the moment. Maybe my head will clear up a bit later. Hopefully. My designs are safer when my head is clear.
Hear the Stories of Both Ghosts
Bladed Thesis has asked you to listen to the stories of two spirits and tell him which of the ghosts most deserved its death. Talk to both of the ghosts in the Great Southern Forest to hear their stories.
In searching for the bridge of the Zither of Discord, you have uncovered the ghost of its original owner. Bladed Thesis, the first philosopher to advance the Way of the Closed fist, offered to give you the bridge if you could pass a test.
Try to Kill Bladed Thesis
It seems that Bladed Thesis actually has the missing bridge from the Zither of Discord on him. Eliminating the ancient spirit might be the easiest way to acquire it.
Tired of pushy scholars, dead or alive, you simply destroyed Bladed Thesis. His death earned you the bridge to the Zither of Discord.
Begin Your Test
Bladed Thesis wants to hear which of the two spirits you spoke to most deserved its death and why. Speak to the red minister in the Great Southern Forest to give him your answer.
In searching for the bridge of the Zither of Discord, you have uncovered the ghost of its original owner. Bladed Thesis, the first philosopher to advance the Way of the Closed fist, offered to give you the bridge if you can pass a test.
D: Successful test.
You have passed Bladed Thesis' test and agreed to help him eliminate Scholar Six Heavens. The ancient red minister peacefully handed you the bridge for the Zither of Discord.
D: Fight Thesis
Defeat Bladed Thesis
Bladed Thesis seems to have a philosophical disagreement with you. Show him the flaw in his argument.
Tired of pushy scholars, dead or alive, you destroyed Bladed Thesis. His death earned you the bridge to the Zither of Discord.
Find the Case
The case of the zither was said to be in the possession of Gao the Greater. He is rumored to be involved with the pirates who plague Tien's Landing, so the case may be at their lair.
Scholar Six Heavens, adherent of the Way of the Closed Fist, has asked you to find the lost pieces of an artifact called the Zither of Discord. He awaits their delivery in Tien's Landing.
Find the Strings
The silk strings of the zither were discovered some time ago by the Imperial Army. They are supposedly kept in a lookout tower somewhere to the west of Tien's Landing.
Carry on
D:Finish
Scholar Six Heavens revealed that there is a third missing piece to the Dither of Discord. You declined his offer to find this third piece, and he left to study the pieces he has.
Find the Zither's Bridge
Six Heavens believes the bridge may be somewhere in the Great Southern Forest, which lies north of Tien's Landing. Six Heavens suggested looking for a structure that might have offered a scholar protection from the elements.
Having recovered the strings and case, you have agreed to help Scholar Six Heavens find the bridge to the Zither of Discord, the final piece he would need to reconstruct the ancient instrument.
Return to Scholar Six Heavens
Scholar Six Heavens awaits the return of the zither's bridge. Return to Tien's Landing and give it to him.
You acquired the missing bridge that would support the strings of the Zither of Discord. Scholar Six Heavens will be pleased.
D: Six Heavens lives
With the defeat of Bladed Thesis, you successfully returned the third missing component of the Zither of Discord to Scholar Six Heavens. His academic glory assured, Six Heavens rewarded you and left to prepare his study of the instrument.
D: Six Heavens dies.
Bladed Thesis' spirit was bound to the Zither of Discord, and with its reconstruction, he was able to absorb some of Scholar Six Heavens' life force.\n
Repelled
Immune
Deselect Style
Gem Name
Very well. Don't go too far. We need to stay together.
We have so little time to talk. I just wanted to know you are well.
I want to make sure you are at your best. I don't want anyone distracted.
Never mind. It's not important.
I am overcome with fear!
Fear takes me!
My spirit trembles!
I am too afraid!
Fear overcomes me!
I'm... I'm too afraid!
We waste time we do not have.
Tend to your wounds!
You're hurt.
The fools should have known better.
They had no idea what they faced.
This can't be.
You can't fall!
I'll stand with you.
We will not falter!
I'm done with this one.
Too easy.
If you're waiting for me, I caught my breath some time ago.
Careful! I need you alive!
Heal yourself... quickly!
Thank you for keeping me alive!
Things are always exciting with you.
This isn't good.
This looks like a good time to start drinking again.
Impressive.
Here we go again.
I've got the wine ready!
I've never killed somebody sober before.
Don't worry, my wife's done worse to me.
Return to Tien's Landing and give the two pieces of the zither to Scholar Six Heavens. You can find him in the Beggars' Pier area of Tien's Landing.
You have found two pieces of the legendary Zither of Discord, as requested by Scholar Six Heavens.
We must go to Dirge.
What? Why?
We must go to Dirge..quickly, there's no time to explain.
We must not let evail prevail. Let's get going!
Careful. Do not let your guard down.
You are getting weak. Heal yourself.
No doubt there's more where those came from.
Bit by bit we will cleanse this place.
This is the end for us all.
Now who will help us?
Excellent move!
We will prevail!
Dirge will be cleansed.
One less to deal with!
Ha, ha! The tide is turning!
If I don't kill something soon there's going to be trouble.
Watch your back!
Don't be a hero. Heal yourself!
That's it? Pathetic weaklings!
That was fun! Now let's get some wine.
I guess you're weren't as tough as I thought.
Ha, ha! More fighting for me!
Nice!
C'mon! I'll kill you all!
This is going to be fun!
More food for the worms!
Ha! Say hello to the spirits for me!
You must keep moving forward.
Heal yourself!
You are hurt! Get back!
I will fight for you forever.
A hundred times their number could not stop me.
I need purpose!
My Master falls!
Your skill is unquestioned, Master.
I will carve a bloody swath!
None stand before Death's Hand!
Death takes you.
Fool.
Nice day for a walk. *If* you have nothing better to do!
Be careful!
The odds were always in our favor.
I'd bet they didn't see that coming.
Are you... ? NO!
No, not again!
That will teach them!
I'm with you.
Never forget.
There!
Who's next?
Wait! Did you hear something... no, no, don't worry, it was just TIME TICKING AWAY!
You... don't look well over there.
Going well? Don't think so!
See any useful parts? Waste not the whatnots.
That's... that's all? Er... I have to go snuff some fuses.
That is not part of the plan... not in any revision I've seen.
No, no, no, not right at all! Get up and do it over!
Flashy, but it should be louder and leave a crater!
I hope you are wound and ready to spin!
Everyone get in step, the heavens like choreography.
Ha HA! I'll tell the living you said goodbye!
Your next life should duck more.
You now have the Marvelous Dragonfly with the Inscrutable Power Source and a wind map of the region. If you wish to fly, you should speak with Kang.
Speak with Kang
Speak with Kang to leave in the Marvelous Dragonfly.
Disabled in this demo.
Inferior Charm Gem
Charm Gem
Superior Charm Gem
Inferior Intimidation Gem
Intimidation Gem
Superior Intimidation Gem
Inferior Intuition Gem
Intuition Gem
Superior Intuition Gem
Gem of Evil Thought
Gem of Gentle Mind
Aura of Malice Gem
Aura of Calm Gem
Gem of Seductive Power
Gem of Irresistible Spirit
Greater Warrior's Gem of Fate
Greater Scholar's Gem of Fate
Greater Monk's Gem of Fate
Warrior's Gem of Fate
Scholar's Gem of Fate
Monk's Gem of Fate
Slick Gem
Gem of Black Flame
Gem of Earth Power
Gem of Storm's Rage
Quicksilver Gem
Lightning Gem
Gem of Premonition
Gem of Foresight
Thick Skin Gem
Iron Skin Gem
Gem of the Clumsy Ox
Gem of the Barbarian
Way of the Closed Fist
Way of the Open Palm
The Closed Fist
The Open Palm
Imperial Favor
Gem of Thief's Sense
Gem of the Frail Scholar
Charm +2*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of vitality that people find irresistible. This gem is of inferior quality.*cod2*
Charm +3*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of vitality that people find irresistible. This gem is of average quality.*cod2**cod2*
Charm +5*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of vitality that people find irresistible. This gem is of superior quality.
Intimidation +2*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of menace that people find intimidating. This gem is of inferior quality.    *cod2**cod2*
Intimidation +3*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of menace that people find intimidating. This gem is of inferior quality.   \n
Intimidation +5*cod2**cod2*This gem surrounds the user in an aura of menace that people find intimidating. This gem is of superior quality.
Intuition +2*cod2**cod2*This gem enhances the user's perception and intuition, enabling the wearer to feel out the lines of fate connecting each thing in the world. This gem is of inferior quality.
Intuition +3*cod2**cod2*This gem enhances the user's perception and intuition, enabling the wearer to feel out the lines of fate connecting each thing in the world. This gem is of average quality.
Intuition +5*cod2**cod2*This gem enhances the user's perception and intuition, enabling the wearer to feel out the lines of fate connecting each thing in the world. This gem is of superior quality.
Mind +2*cod2*Intuition +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*The evil energies that resonate in this gem speak of its previous owners, dark and evil men and women driven beyond the boundaries that society imposes on them. This is a gem of murderers and thieves. Their thoughts and skills are reflected though this gem and passed on to its user.   \n
Mind +2*cod2*Intuition +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*This gem radiates peace and serenity, reflecting the past owners, who imprinted fragments of their own thoughts on it. This is a gem of enlightened scholars and philosophers, men and women at peace with themselves and their place in the world. Their tranquility and peace of mind is passed on to those capable of tapping into the gem's power.
Body +2*cod2*Intimidation +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Legends tell of bandits and warlords so evil that their mere presence in a room could cow people into submission. This gem is part of that legend. It allows the wielder to project an aura of such malice that a victim is driven to do his will.
Body +2*cod2*Intimidation +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Some of the wisest masters and sages radiate such a sense of peace and understanding that their uncanny calm almost seems threatening. This gem has been in the possession of such individuals, and their aura of inhuman calm is channeled through this gem, granting the wielder that same unnerving peace and strength.
Spirit +2*cod2*Charm +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*People of negotiable virtue can often be overwhelming in their advances. No small thanks for that go to this gem. Nicknamed *cod6*a Woman's Best Friend,*cod6* it gives the user power a courtesan would kill for. All are drawn to the power and passion of the wielder, doing his or her every decadent bidding.
Spirit +2*cod2*Charm +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm can use this gem.*cod2**cod2*This gem is a tool of inner reflection for the wielder and, unwittingly, those around him. This gem exposes the inner strength and virtue of the user to all, awing them with his true nature. Only those most at peace with themselves can use this gem, for others will see their own flaws reflected back at them.
Greatly increased chance of Health power-ups*cod2*Body -5*cod2**cod2*Warriors who revel in the chaos of combat find comfort in this gem's machinations of fate. The gem feeds on the warrior's physical capabilities, but it also increases the chances of that warrior getting a second, or even third, wind during battle.*cod2**cod2*
Greatly increased chance of Focus power-ups*cod2*Mind -5*cod2**cod2*There are times in which raw mental power is not as important as the ability to summon reserves of such power when the time is right. This gem enables the user to trade innate mental ability for a much greater chance that fate will reward the wielder with additional mental resources in times of crisis.
Greatly increased chance of Chi power-ups*cod2*Spirit -5*cod2**cod2*One who is content with water every day may never enjoy the taste of wine. Not every master finds wisdom in caution, and those willing to compromise their spiritual abilities with this gem often find themselves rewarded with greater reserves of power in times of crisis.\n
Increased chance of Health power-ups*cod2*Body -1*cod2**cod2*The wearer of this gem gambles away some of his physical ability for the chance that fate will favor him in combat. Some warriors prefer a second wind in combat over a strong opening volley.\n
Increased chance of Focus power-ups*cod2*Mind -1*cod2**cod2*It behooves one who seeks to strengthen one's mind to consider the vagaries of fate in one's actions. This gem aids in this experiment by tapping its wielder's mental capacities in return for a greater chance that fate might restore the user's mental endurance when it is needed most. *cod2**cod2*
Increased chance of Chi power-ups*cod2*Spirit -1*cod2**cod2*While it may not seem wise for one to sacrifice one's spiritual nature for a gamble on fate's table, one must certainly see the wisdom in entering a card game with a stacked deck. This gem rewards those willing to make such a sacrifice with more spiritual resources when it is needed most. *cod2**cod2*
-10% Focus cost for evading traps*cod2**cod2*The surface of this gem is oddly slick, making it difficult to hold. Prized by thieves, it makes one move with less resistance, making it much easier to avoid the unavoidable. It has saved many an inattentive burglar from death.
Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Fury and rage will render a warrior helpless unless directed and turned to a purpose. This gem channels infuses the wearer's mind and spirit with the flame of their anger, burning away weakness until only strength remains.
Body +5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Tearing winds and the coursing waters test their strength, but the mountains endure. Wearers of this gem gain some of this strength, their bodies hardened by its magic.
Damage Shield*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*This gem wraps you in whirling winds that tear at any who attack you. Its effect is constant while the gem is equipped.
Mind +2*cod2*50% chance to evade traps*cod2**cod2*When they hold this gem up to the moonlight, some claim they can see in the center of this gem a single drop of quicksilver spinning endlessly. The wielder becomes as fast and as mercurial as quicksilver, able to make leaps of logic and leaps of body just as easily.    *cod2**cod2*
Mind +3*cod2*100% chance to evade traps*cod2**cod2*Named not for its appearance, but for the speed at which its owner acts, this gem sharpens the mind and senses by orders of magnitude. The wearer becomes smarter and quicker, more easily anticipating or evading the unexpected.
Mind +1*cod2*-50% trap evade focus cost*cod2**cod2*This gem's inner structure does not appear similar to any other essence gem, and there are no records of it ever having been created. Its origin is a mystery, as is the nature of its power. It appears to give the wielder a glimmer of the future, enabling its user to move away from coming harm. It does not remove the danger, but makes danger easier to avoid.
Mind +2*cod2*Evading traps costs no Focus.*cod2**cod2*This object has been called an essence gem by the few who know of its existence, but none of those who speculate on it have ever truly held it in their hand. It gives the wielder a flash of insight into the future, sharpening his mind and allowing him to avoid danger completely, should he choose to do so.*cod2**cod2*
Body +1*cod2*50% damage from traps*cod2**cod2*This gem thickens a warrior's skin, strengthening it against damage. This makes the warrior resistant to sudden damage from an undirected source, but it will likely not protect as well against an opponent already aiming for vital areas.
Body +3*cod2*0% damage from traps*cod2**cod2*The power of this gem toughens the skin until it as strong as iron. Traps and other undirected attacks will have no effect at all upon the wielded. Calculated, cunning strikes from an intelligent opponent will still harm the user, but the strengthened skin will help absorb the damage.*cod2*
Body +3*cod2*Cannot evade traps*cod2**cod2*There is much to be said for strength, but strength often comes at the expense of agility, and the users of this gem prize strength and stamina over any attempts at subtlety. While the wielder may not be able to evade sudden traps, he can often shrug off any damage he may take.
Mind +1*cod2*+100% experience from books*cod2*Body -3*cod2**cod2*This gem has passed through the hands of many great scholars and men and women of learning. Their dedication and experienced has been passed on into this essence gem. The gem expands its wielder's mind, drawing on the scholars' past experiences, but the wielder will feel the weight of years much more greatly.
Body +2*cod2*Gain no experience from books*cod2**cod2*Time and again, the Horselords descended from the plains and laid waste to the Empire. Each time they were eventually driven back, but their repeated forays into the Empire began to imprint true culture upon them. It is not so surprising, then, to learn that they have essence gems of their own. This gem is fit for a warrior of the steppes, a warrior who lives and dies by his strength and holds all civilized learning in disdain.
Intimidation +10*cod2*Body +5*cod2*Spirit -5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*The Way of the Closed Fist is the way of violence and personal power. Take the world in your grasp and make it yours. A closed fist will beat down the walls of ignorance and lead to enlightenment, even if the Heavens themselves must shake from the force of it.
Intuition +10*cod2*Spirit +5*cod2*Body -5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Life brings many challenges, and one must learn to flow and adapt to them, to yield and be firm at the same time, to take the hardships life brings and turn them to one's benefit. Through the open, gentle palm, one changes the course of life gently, and with it, one's destiny.*cod2**cod2*
Body +10*cod2*Spirit +5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*A master of the Closed Fist is a force that changes the face of destiny to suit his will. Those who seek the ways of power will always remember such strength of purpose. A fearsome force in body and spirit, this path brooks no deviation. The slightest weakness in a master of this caliber will be his downfall. Those who change fate accept no failings.
Spirit +10*cod2*Mind +5*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Open Palm may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*In accordance with one's own spirit and the way of the Heavens, the Open Palm is at peace with nature. This ultimate harmony gives mastery over one's self and attunement with the flow of fate.\n
Spirit +1*cod2*Allows the wielder to detect traps*cod2**cod2*The past users of this gem did not always live by the law, but they always lived on the edge. That edge and their fates on either side of it are imprinted on this gem. The chi channeled through it instills in the wielder an awareness of his surroundings, detecting things that may cause him harm.
Spirit +3*cod2*Charm +1*cod2*Intuition +1*cod2*Increased chance for getting power-ups from fallen enemies*cod2**cod2*The emperors of the Sun dynasty have long been famed for their magical aptitude, but they also enjoy the adulation of the people of the Jade Empire. Imperial Favor was cut by a master gem smith, who worked for weeks to create a gift that would suitably honor Princess Lian's coming of age.
I've probably told you this story, but when I was young, I dreamt of a magic carp that would take me to a place where no one was troubled by visions or spirits.
Now I can't help but picture that poor fish flopping in the streets of the Imperial City, oblivious passersby casually stepping around it.
Something about our current company seems to encourage it. Not that I am ungrateful for their help, but I miss Jing Woo, Old Ming, Gujin....
So you feel like a fish out of water. I don't know where I belong either.
What a wonderfully absurd way to answer a question.
When I asked you to talk, I assumed you wouldn't waste my time.
Gem of Purpose
Gem of Struggle
Gem of Mastery
Body +1*cod2*Mind +1*cod2*Spirit +1*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*The key to getting what one wants is to first know what it is and what it takes to get it. This sense of purpose empowers the truly strong. A clarity of purpose and the willingness to commit everything to see it come to fruition are hallmarks of one who commands fate.
Body +2*cod2*Mind +2*cod2*Spirit +2*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist may use this gem.*cod2**cod2*Every worthwhile goal requires hardship and struggle. A victory gained with ease means nothing. The struggle defines the worth of a goal. A true step on the path to power demands it. Only one who would seize and command his fate knows what true struggle is. The lives of those lost along this path to power aid those who would follow in their footsteps.*cod2**cod2*
Body +3*cod2*Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2*Only followers of the Way of the Closed Fist can use this essence gem.*cod2**cod2*The goal of every struggle, no matter what its initial justification, is dominance. Power over others and over fate will determine the true outcome of everything. This gem helps focus that mastery of destiny into pure strength for the wielder's body, mind, and spirit.*cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2*
Harmonic combo primed: switch to Legendary Strike and press (X button). This moves costs 5 Chi.
Impress Mistress Vo
Mistress Vo is willing to train you in the Stone Immortal style, but she made it clear that she will only train those who completely understand the Way of the Open Palm. Return to her in Tien's Landing when you feel you are ready to be tested.
Mistress Vo tested you in battle, and when the stones lay silent she was more than willing to train you in Stone Immortal. This style works best when the user is at harmony with his or her surroundings.
Impress Jian the Iron Fist
Jian the Iron Fist only has time for those who demonstrate a complete understanding of the Way of the Closed Fist. If you can prove such an understanding to him, he seems willing to teach you the Tempest style. Return to Jian in Tien's Landing when you feel you are ready.
After you faced the aged master in battle, Jian the Iron Fist agreed to train you in the basic techniques of Tempest, a style fueled by discord in the practitioner's soul.
We must keep going. There is too much to do.
Be careful over there.
I am relieved, even if fighting at your side is... invigorating.
So much carnage... I'm glad it is over.
No! This can't be! What... what now?
Dead? No! You can't die... what of destiny?
Quit showing off. This is serious.
Let our skill make this quick.
If we must fight, then let us win!
Such discord... it must end.
I don't want to get used to this.
Low Intelligence
Medium Intelligence
High Intelligence
All right, everyone calm down. We managed to lose them, but we'll have to stay out of sight for a while.
But what can we do now? The last hope for the Empire died in the palace.
I don't know. We'll think of something. For now, we have to make sure we survive.
All is not lost. Hear me....
The Emperor is privy to much. I don't know his motives, but any aid to you is likely a threat to him. You must go to the ruins and find the amulet piece meant for you.
Hawk's Elegance
Conditioning of the Body
Swallow's Grace
Hunter's Spirit
Boar's Strength
Tracking Eye
Predatory Intuition
Cleansed Body and Mind
Vigorous Body
Clear Mind
Porcelain Skin
Eye of Inner Darkness
Window to the Abyss
Deadened Nerves
Fearsome Visage
Strength of Wood
Inner Peace
Legacy of Master Li
Legacy of Death's Hand
Through Thick and Thin
Heart of the Empire
*cod15**cod230*
Hope Restored
Scales of the Serpent
Theories of Medicine
Chaotic Strains
Alloyed Body
Gaze of the Lion
Replenishment of the Body
Replenishment of the Mind
Strength of the Bull
Spirit of the Master
The Quieted Mind
A Mountain Within
Calm as the Morning Breeze
The Song of the Spirit
Harmony and Balance
Viper's Wit
Structured Body
The River of Time
Dragon Mantra
Snake Mantra
Tiger Mantra
Warrior of the Inner Eye
Warrior of the Infinite Spirit
Warrior of the Unyielding Heart
Heaven Mantra
Rote of the Endless Mind
Health +3*cod2*Chi -1*cod2**cod2*A series of exercises developed by Smiling Mountain. Those who learn and use his Belly of Iron techniques learn to take blows better, giving them more stamina in combat. The strain of using these exercises in battle can slightly reduce a warrior's ability to channel their chi.
Chi +3*cod2*Focus -1*cod2**cod2*Heart of Gold is a set of meditative techniques developed by Smiling Mountain to help his students learn to master their chi. By remembering specific mantras in battle, it is possible to channel slightly more chi than normal. This extra concentration can slightly distract a warrior from maintaining focus in battle.
Focus +3*cod2*Health -1*cod2**cod2*Mental exercises that test the memory and quickness of thought, Smiling Mountain's Mind of Steel techniques can help warriors better focus in battle. The time spent honing the mind can have the side effect of slightly weakening one's body, however.
Focus +15*cod2*Chi +3*cod2**cod2*To be one with your art, it must be your entire world, your only focus. But to lose yourself in that world is also a serious failing. If you balance the needs of your art with the needs of your inner self, you can achieve true transcendence and clarity of purpose.
Focus +7*cod2*Health -3*cod2**cod2*As brittle and as elegant as they may be, a bird must have a keen mind to adapt and make use of its surroundings. This constant attention to detail is a sign of one who focuses more on one's mind than on one's body. The mind is a weapon as powerful as any other.
Health +7*cod2*Chi -3*cod2**cod2*The lithe grace of any serious physical artist, be they dancer or martial artist, belies the strength of their body. Through their arts, all fat and useless muscle is burned away, leaving only the hard muscle beneath.
Charm +3*cod2*Intuition -1*cod2**cod2*A dancer must learn to glide as softly and as delicately as a small bird, flitting from here to there. Many people find this behavior fascinating but mysterious.
Chi +15*cod2*Focus +3*cod2**cod2*Know yourself, and you can know your prey. By knowing your own limitations, you can surpass yourself, see the limitations in others, and gain true power flowing from your own spirit outward into the world. A keen mind and a keen spirit are both the mark of a master hunter.
Health +7*cod2*Chi -3*cod2**cod2*The boar is a surprisingly cunning and resourceful opponent when encountered in the wild. Even the most experienced hunter can fall prey to it if he does not watch himself. The boar uses its natural strength and weight in battle. Learn from the lessons the boar can teach, and you will prove more difficult for your opponents to overcome.
Focus +7*cod2*Charm -1*cod2**cod2*To track a beast in the forest, one must have keen eyes that catch every movement and track it undeterred by distraction. The Tracking Eye is that technique. Following it, one can gain much greater Focus, but it is disconcerting to others.
Intuition +3*cod2*Chi -5*cod2**cod2*To find a beast, one must understand the beast and how it thinks. This applies to humans just as with the lesser animals. Learning this makes a warrior more intuitive, but it lessens inner harmony.
Health +15*cod2*Focus +5*cod2**cod2*Once a body has been purified in the correct manner, with all the forces and pressures of the body in proper balance, one will find one's strength greatly increased and more able to resist the hardships of life and the mind clearer, more ready to adapt.
Health +10*cod2*Chi -2*cod2**cod2*The body is a harbor for many poisons and toxins that accumulate within. Without the proper steps to release these poisons, the body can become slow and sluggish. By clearing these and allowing the blood to flow more freely, a person can become much more vigorous. This new rush of health has a slight disrupting effect on that person's chi.
Focus +10*cod2*Intimidation -1*cod2**cod2*A clear mind can see truly where a clouded one cannot. Removing the imbalances from the body that distract the mind can greatly increase one's clarity and focus. This new thoughtfulness will make an individual seem slightly distracted to those who do not understand.
Charm +2*cod2*Chi -4*cod2**cod2*A clear complexion is the hallmark of a healthy and attractive individual. By correctly balancing the forces within one's body, one can improve one's outward appearance. Such vanity does true enlightenment no favors.
Chi +15*cod2*Focus +5*cod2**cod2*Looking out from the void inside, the place in which the spirit resides, is a person's inner eye. A person at peace with their inner self gains great power and strength of mind from this eye.
Chi +10*cod2*Focus -3*cod2**cod2*The spirit is endless. The depths one can sink to is limitless. If one looks inside, they will see nothing but themselves. Inner strength, the strength of the spirit, comes from this limitless inner void.
Health +10*cod2*Chi -3*cod2**cod2*Lotus Assassins often use a technique common to many martial arts, but in their fanaticism, they take it to an extreme. They beat their body continuously, first with ropes, then with wooden sticks, then finally with iron rods, until their bodies are completely deadened to the pain. They can resist all manner of physical attacks, but focusing so intently on the physical does little for their spirit.
Intimidation +3*cod2*Charm -1*cod2**cod2*Training as a Lotus Assassin takes its toll. A Lotus Assassin sometimes deliberately deforms himself to present a more disturbing visage to his opponents and instill fear in his foes.
Health +2*cod2*Literary: Granted by your studies of The History of Flight.*cod2**cod2*An ancient technique that strengthens a warrior's body until his skin becomes as tough as wood. While the skin looks unchanged, it is tougher and more resilient than normal.
Chi +4*cod2*Literary: Granted by your studies of *cod6*The Celestial Order.*cod6**cod2**cod2*Contemplation on the inner mysteries of one's own mind is a path many try to take to true enlightenment. Few succeed, for many make the mistake of neglecting the physical world and focusing only on the spiritual. When all things are in balance, one's spiritual being can ascend to a higher plane of thought.
Focus +7*cod2*Literary: Granted by studying the books in Two Rivers.*cod2**cod2*Master Li's training techniques have been passed down to all of his students. Some learn better than others and see the greater pattern present within each of his smaller teachings. Each of these minor lessons builds on the others, teaching a student to focus his mind and learn from his surroundings constantly. The lesson of perception may be Master Li's greatest goal.
Chi +10*cod2*Literary: Earned from your studies of the tomes in the Lotus Assassin Fortress.*cod2**cod2*Death's Hand's training is incessant and brutal. It admits no failure, and no one who fails will survive it. But at its core, its aim is to improve the student. His methods may be inhuman, but for those who can survive, twisted enlightenment awaits.
Chi +10*cod2**cod2*You have known Dawn Star for as long as you can remember, and what started as friendship has become much more. Her trust in you is absolute, and you draw strength from her quiet support.
Health +10*cod2**cod2*Whether known as Princess Lian or Silk Fox, the first daughter of the Jade Empire has remained constant in her desire to stand by you. That support makes it easier to carry on through adversity.
*cod15**cod230* desc*cod2**cod2*Health +5*cod2*Chi +5
Focus +10*cod2**cod2*Sky's life seems peppered with loss, but you have helped him find both peace and a purpose. He is fiercely dedicated to you, and his support will make the tasks ahead of you more bearable.
Health +7*cod2*Intimidation +1*cod2**cod2*Your study of carefully kept notes penned by Kai Lan the Serpent has led you to an understanding of his techniques. His notes outline a series of postures and forms designed to make the user tougher and more intimidating. These postures likely explain his success in seizing control of the Imperial Arena.
Focus +7*cod2*Intuition +1*cod2**cod2*Mad Wen Zhi learned much in his quest to save his daughter. While his medical knowledge may not be directly applicable, the genius that went into his researches has not been lost on you. By examination of his methods, you can better tailor your own, giving your mind much greater Focus.
Health +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*Played by skilled hands, the Zither of Discord can attune the chaos in a person's soul, making one stronger and better able to walk the Way of the Closed Fist. Every so often you catch a hint of music carried on the breeze to remind you of this ancient artifact.
Health +5*cod2*Focus +5*cod2**cod2*The Alloyed Body is Smiling Mountain's ultimate series of exercises, designed to offset some of the weaknesses the corpulent trainer saw in the exercises he developed earlier in his career. Practicing these holistic exercises strengthens both health and focus.
Health +2*cod2*Focus +2*cod2**cod2*A masterful hunter, the lion must always be aware of the totality of its domain and be ready to protect it. You feel a kinship with the mighty predator after solving the riddle left by the old master of Two Rivers.
Health +7*cod2*Chi +7*cod2**cod2*These techniques of the ancient Spirit Monks teach how to strengthen the spirit, and through it, the body. By controlling the flow of chi through one's body, one can refine his control of chi and use it to harden one's body against attacks.
Focus +7*cod2*Chi +7*cod2**cod2*These techniques of the ancient Spirit Monks teach how to enhance the mind by focusing one's chi. By focusing on the ebb and flow of one's chi, one can strengthen one's mind and gain greater mastery over one's chi.
Damage Increase*cod2**cod2*After correctly configuring the furnace, you have learned the Strength of the Bull technique. With the power of the mighty bull behind you, your martial attacks will inflict more harm on your opponents.
Increased Magical Damage*cod2**cod2*After selecting an appropriate configuration in Lord Lao's furnace, you have learned the Spirit of the Master technique. With the help of the master's spirit, you find that your magical attacks are far more effective.\n
Focus +30*cod2**cod2*A successful configuration of Lord Lao's Furnace has taught you to enter a state the legends call *cod6*the quieted mind.*cod6* This meditative combat technique provides incredible focus.
Body +5*cod2**cod2*The correct configuration in Lord Lao's Furnace produced the Mountain Within. This technique provides an increase to your Body.
Mind +5*cod2**cod2*Lord Lao's Furnace generated Calm as the Morning Breeze when a correct configuration was used. This technique provides a +5 increase to Mind.
Spirit +5*cod2**cod2*A proper configuration of Lord Lao's Furnace has created the Song of the Spirit. This technique provides an increase to Spirit.
Body +3*cod2*Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2**cod2*Using the uncut ruby and the correct configuration in Lord Lao's Furnace has generated Harmony and Balance. This technique provides an increase to Body, Mind, and Spirit.
Focus +2*cod2*Charm +1*cod2**cod2*A sharp wit and mind are key to winning the hearts of people. Too many believe that looks and strength alone rule the day, and they neglect to realize that a mind will always triumph. One's wit and skill must strike like a snake, taking the opponent by surprise.
Health +3*cod2*Intimidation +1*cod2**cod2*Intense training can result in more than a healthy physique. With an understanding of the body's subtleties, one also realizes that slight shifts of weight and changes of stance can give one's arguments more force.
Chi +5*cod2*Intuition +1*cod2**cod2*Life is made of many details, many facets of being. A person in tune with his surrounding may feel the subtle vibrations each thing makes as its fate passes nearby. By being attentive to these influences, one can not only become closer to one's own fate but may begin to see glimpses of others' as well.
Health +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*The dragon is a creature of mystery and power. It is among the most powerful of all symbols. Strong in both body and spirit, it is a relentless, irresistible force. Followers of this path are overwhelming in both body and spirit.
Focus +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*The snake is a creature of cunning and intelligence. It is not large or powerful as the others are, but when it strikes, it is no less deadly. The way of the snake is the way of inner power. Followers strengthen their minds, wits, and the inner power of their spirit.
Health +5*cod2*Focus +5*cod2**cod2*The tiger relies on strength and speed. It is a symbol of passion and power. In the tiger lies the utmost physical ability of an individual. By dedicating yourself to the tiger, you strengthen your body along with your mind.
Focus +7*cod2*Intuition +1*cod2**cod2*The inner eye, the eye within the mind, sees much. There is nothing that cannot be understood by a clear mind and a pure spirit. Warriors of this path seek to rid themselves of all distraction, focus on their arts, and perfect the clarity of their mind.
Chi +7*cod2*Charm +1*cod2**cod2*The spirit knows no bounds. One who is great in spirit is destined to achieve great things. One who knows his own spirit and uses it accordingly can often shape the world around him to his desires. Warriors of this path seek to become one with their spirit, choosing their own destinies.
Health +7*cod2**cod2*The body is the final arbiter of any choice. Our destinies are made in this world that our destinies are made, and warriors of this path seek to strengthen their bodies by any means. Through courage and strength, they seek their place as set out by heaven.
Chi +10*cod2**cod2*This meditative technique was once the exclusive possession of the Spirit Monk order. They taught their monks its secret, giving them uncompromising power over spirits and lesser creatures through their arts. This meditation, performed daily, focuses the spirit and unlocks hidden potential within an individual.
Focus +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*The Rote is a method of cleansing the mind and body, focusing the power of the inner self through your thoughts and actions. One who practices this technique frequently gains inner strength and clarity of purpose.
Temple of the Forest Shadow
Road to Tien's Landing
*cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2**cod2*Safety Information About Photosensitive Seizures*cod2**cod2*A very small percentage of people may experience a seizure when exposed to certain visual images, including flashing lights or patterns that may appear in video games. Even people who have no history of seizures or epilepsy may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these *cod6*photosensitive epileptic seizures*cod6* while watching video games. These seizures may have a variety of symptoms, including lightheadedness, altered vision, eye or face twitching, jerking or shaking of arms or legs, disorientation, confusion, or momentary loss of awareness. Seizures may also cause loss of consciousness or convulsions that can lead to injury from falling down or striking nearby objects. Immediately stop playing and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms. Parents should watch for or ask their children about the above symptoms-children and teenagers are more likely than adults to experience these seizures.*cod2**cod2*The risk of photosensitive epileptic seizures may be reduced by sitting farther from the television screen, using a smaller television screen, playing in a well-lit room, and not playing when you are drowsy or fatigued.*cod2**cod2*If you or any of your relatives have a history of seizures or epilepsy, consult a doctor before playing.*cod2**cod2*Other Important Health and Safety Information   The Xbox Instruction Manual contains important health and safety information that you should read and understand before using this software.*cod2*
If you have no other questions for me, then we shall.
There's nothing else I want to ask.
On second thought, I'm curious about something.
There's nothing else I want to ask. Let's go.
Wait. I was told to train you as well. As Sun Li's student you probably picked up a lot just by watching me, but let me clarify. The style I use is called Spirit Thief.
It forgoes physical damage to extract Chi. It is wasted on drunken sailors; save it for more dangerous foes. Now, go to the ruins. Find the amulet piece as you were meant to.
It is called Spirit Thief. It forgoes inflicting physical injury to instead drain the chi of the target. A powerful tool wasted on drunken fools like those here.
Explore the new area opened up by destroying the wall. Find the gem before the Lotus Assassins do.
I am worried, but I know you will be able to set things right. Lets... lets get going. I feel a chill.
Neither do I. Give it a rest.
Protect Spear Catches Leaf
Lord Yun paid me well to keep an eye on this so called hunter, Spear Catches Leaf. The fighting here was the best I'd seen in a while. It wouldn't have been so bad if there had been some wine in this damn forest. Anyway, I'm no longer his man... now I'm following this warrior who actually defeated me.
Your flyer can only hold three upgrades at one time. Deselect an upgrade to make room on your ship.
You lost:
Transformation Style*cod2*Removes negative effects (such as slow or paralysis)*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2**cod2*Toad demons might not be the most highly respected demons, but this style proves that they are not to be trifled with. A warrior using this style takes the hulking form of the deadly toad demon, complete with the demon's clawed flippers and its punishing tongue attack. This form also makes the martial artist immune to all Support styles, just like the toad demon itself. *cod2**cod2*
Gate to the Market District
Flyer Equipment*cod2**cod2*This advanced shield will not only protect your ship, but it will cause significant damage to any enemies unfortunate enough to collide with it. The Chi cost for Spirit's Calling is high.
Weaponmaster Gujin's Store
To Weapon Master Gujin
White Lotus
A Mercenary's Life
Henpecked Indeed
Chi +10*cod2**cod2*Your lifelong friendship with Dawn Star has had a strong effect on the way you think and feel. In these troubled times, this friendship has strengthened your spirituality as some of her esoteric power has rubbed off on you.\n
Focus +5*cod2*Charm +2*cod2**cod2*Sky is unlike anyone you have ever met: strong, cunning, and charming. Simply speaking with him and learning about his way of life have opened your mind to new possibilities and new ways of dealing with people. His charm and quick mind have influenced and strengthened your own.\n
Health +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*You may have had reason to distrust him, but Sagacious Zu's secret shows the strength and integrity that lies within this conflicted man. His tale of sacrifice strengthens your spirit even as traveling with this trained warrior has improved your body.\n
Health +5*cod2*Intimidation +2*cod2**cod2*It's hard to know for sure where the truth ends and the foggy memories of wild and careless drunk begins, but one thing is for sure: Black Whirlwind has led an extremely diverse life. His tales of fighting and valor have given you some unexpected insight into the ways of a true warrior.
Focus +5*cod2*Intuition +2*cod2**cod2*How any man could survive a life, or a marriage, like Henpecked Hou's is a mystery. Though seemingly small and insignificant, this fierce bun master has taught you a great deal about persistence and surviving in spite of unbelievable odds. Henpecked Hou is truly a remarkable man.
There's action elsewhere? This is the big finish. I wouldn't miss this fight.
Yes, onward to... victory?
Do you really feel you have to ask? Shouldn't the answer be obvious?
There's no way I'm leaving now.
I think I speak for everyone. We are with you.
Ah, and where else would my machines do as much good?
Will you all stand with me? I will need my allies at my side.
I will lead. You will all follow. There will be no looking back.
If she is weak enough to let this happen to her forest, she deserves to die.
Sun Li is waiting in the throne room. We can't wait any longer. There must be justice for what has happened here.
Doubt
With water flooding the entire valley area it will no longer be possible to retrieve the gem hidden in the ruins.
I will speak to you when I am ready to make use of your machine, Kang.
Chai Ka: I will do what I can, though this fight will be yours to decide.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Dawn Star and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Silk Fox and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Sky and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Hou and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while the Black Whirlwind and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Death's hand and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Chai Ka and I confront Li.
No one is safe if this continues. Hold them while Ya Zhen and I confront Li.
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Dawn Star, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Silk Fox, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Sky, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Hou, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Black Whirlwind, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Death's Hand, come with me!
Your best is no longer the limit of what we expect, despite your victories in the arena. You will be reconstructed into the perfect obedient slave.
You are no Assassin yet, fool, despite your victories in the arena. Here we strip you down to nothing and rebuild you as we like.
That does not sound like an order you are meant to survive.
He has no confidence in you. He does not know your worth.
A man accustomed to sending others to their deaths.
Oh, I do not like the sound of this.
He's mean. I can tell already.
I knew you would make the right choice. We share the same Master, and he taught us both well.
I hope you know what you're doing. We could've bought a lot of wine with that silver.
I can't believe you would do that. Sometimes I wonder if you and I were trained by the same master at all!
A wise decision. Not only can we be done with this problem, but we've gained something too. I can see Master Li taught you well.
Yeah, how about that?
Yeah, how about that!
Are you trying to gain favor? Those slaves will not be ready for this.
What? If the job needed doing, why wasn't I told?
Ah, I thought you did them a favor, but I suppose not. I'm certainly glad you didn't hunt me down after freeing me from the cannibals.
You are telling on them? That's not very nice.
Aspect of Sorrow
[Zeng Sai's coffin lies empty.]
Each attack in this style consumes somewhat less Focus than normal.
Each attack in this style consumes moderately less Focus than normal.
Each attack in this style consumes much less Focus than normal.
Each attack in this style consumes drastically less Focus than normal.
Each attack in this style consumes very little Focus.
Focus Cost Reduction
Well, good and bad news it seems. With the sailors gone and the dam closed things have improved considerably, and I have been able to restock my supplies.
A shame about my mother's figurine Tong stole, but I'm sure it's long gone. The thief left when Captain Ing's ship set sail again. Ah well.
D: Tong left town
Tong, the sailor who had stolen the figurine from Merchant Cheung, has left Tien's Landing on Captain Ing's ship. Cheung will have to make do without his mother's keepsake.
Play Trailer
Play the trailer movie
Well, that was exciting. Are... are you certain we are not needed elsewhere? No? I see. Well, I suppose there's nothing left to do but to go home.
Yes dear.
Channeling
Deep in the ruins of the original Tien's Landing, you discovered a group of convict ghosts who died when the quarry flooded. You've defeated their leader, Strangler Jizu, and discovered the gem the rat demon suggested was hidden here.
Filter: Flyer Upgrades
Oh good, I don't think I could stomach leaving them here.
Yeah, you let them go!
Yeah, and then we'll fight!
A cruel collection. They do not deserve this.
Criminals might deserve such treatment, but this seems almost random.
Random selection. These people have done nothing to deserve this.
This is how you hold cattle, not a worthy adversary.
They take whomever they want. I'm glad we have avoided the same fate... so far.
That doesn't sound like much reason to be locked up at all.
You'll get more proof than you can handle.
Must everyone demand an example of skill? This never works out in their favor.
Bullies will meet the Guardian... or worse.
We have nothing to prove to these animals.
Apparently. I'm not sure why.
Yes, I had hoped we would.
Of course. Good beats bad. Most times.
It doesn't seem like the fight was very fair.
You are lucky, even if it doesn't seem like it now.
I... I apologize for the cruel sport you were put through.
One chance is better than nothing, I guess.
A small chance... but they deserve better.
They'll be safe, right? Because there are lots of them?
A cruel turn. I don't know if it was truly necessary.
Why do you make us do stuff like that?
Let's hope letting them go does no harm to our cause.
A charitable act. I'm impressed.
Yeah, go on, we've had the fun fight already.
I like this, even if we had to fight.
I'd run if I were you.
Master Li might have trained you from birth as if you were his son, but even that can't make you perfect, can it?
Sure, Master Li's trained you as if you were his own daughter, but even that can't guarantee perfection.
I hung a net out. Wait, I have nets? Yes, I do. I have a lot of things. Good thing, too, we can use this stuff.
Well, I'm not sure where we crossed from the living world to the celestial, but we seem to have made it back in one piece. And with startling revelations, too.
Well, I'm glad these trips are good for something.
We're just fodder to him. Make sure we stay useful, or he'll find another favorite.
We are tools to be cast aside, but if it gets us closer to our goal, we need to do as he says.
Another manipulator that will not stand on his own. But, we need to get close to the Assassins. Humor him.
He thinks we will die. That means there will be fighting. I like him.
You know, I was just thinking how I needed to feel even more expendable.
He uses big words but he seems small. He lets others fight for him.
Smarmy idiot. He wants our help as long as there's no risk to himself.
I do not like how he hides behind us. A coward in commander's robes.
Hrm. *I* speculate that Master Gang is something of an ass.
Proper leaders express their hatred openly. This fool does not deserve his position.
I... am growing to dislike that man.
I think Mister Gang is a jerk.
This is so terrible, but it's for the best.
We have to stop these beasts. No one should have to endure this.
This is for the best.
I don't think I could either. This is terrible.
If you can't, I will. This disease must be stopped.
This is going to end badly. I can tell.
You can't mean that!
No one should be left to suffer this!
Not exactly the generous deed I was expecting from the one who rescued me from the canibals. But, it is your choice after all.
After years of humilation and degradation at the hands of my gentle spouse, I can tell you firsthand that your brash approach will never be effective.
If you ever want me to show you how to win a woman's heart, please just ask.
Wow, and I thought I was bad when it came to the ladies. With that kind of talk you'll never get her married to anyone.
I never knew you were such a romantic, though I always knew you had a generous heart.
Ahh... perhaps now they will enjoy many, many years of wedded bliss together... as I have. Many... many, long years.
All I can say is, at least we got paid, or that could have been the biggest waste of time I've participated in.
Ah! I have no stomach for this!
Terror!
I am royalty. My time is worth far more than this.
You are wounded!
Well fought and won.
A well earned victory.
What now. This cannot be.
We have lost the future of the Empire.
Impressive, as always.
I am ready. Let them come.
This should be interesting.
Another falls!
A victory, of course.
Careful now. You'll dent something.
Don't let them hit us. I just finished this thing.
More dodging, less catching!
Hey, watch what you are doing!
Do you know what you are doing? Avoid their assault!
We can't take much more of this.
Interesting strategy. Now try winning!
That's it, we have to get out of the fight. You're scuffing the finish!
Okay, another impact and we start losing pieces. Abandon the fight.
Whoa, that was close. We need to end this.
This looks familiar... keep going. I... I have the urge to build something!
There are memories in the route we are flying. Keep going!
I see patterns, schematics. Keep going, I'll hammer it out.
Almost there. Just a few more pieces to figure out.
Ha ha! That was an inspiring flight. I've made something... interesting.
No, no, no! We have to withdraw, and I've made nothing but scrap. We have to try again.
More memories are hidden in this route. Interesting.
Keep going. I'm beginning to think there is a lot at stake here.
Yes, yes, I see things so clearly now.
Interesting. No actual destination, but my memory is prodded again. Good job!
Oh, so close, but we have to get out of here. We need to try again.
Oh, this is... very strange. We're on the trail of something nasty.
Lord Lao better appreciate this. I'll want a celestial wrench for my trouble.
What manner of beast are we following? I am a little... worried.
We did it! We did it and... oh, that's interesting. We have things to talk about. Many things.
We were *this* close! We need to try and make another pass.\n
Be careful, this crate can't take much damage.
This thing will shake apart if we get hit much more.
This flyer can't take the beating. Fly lower and avoid the rest.
Wait... I sense something.
You didn't see? He was.... One of the spirit monks was right there. He stayed behind to tell me that there were hidden treasures still left in Dirge.
I saw nothing. Are you sure you didn't hit your head when you crawled out of the Dragonfly?
Surely Her Highness isn't jealous that I can see things she can't?
Make light of it if you want, but he said that we should search Dirge.
The magic that restored the temple also destroyed spells that cloaked chests hidden in the ruins. The monks used these chests to hide treasures, including powerful weapons.
They didn't want them to fall into the Emperor's hands. He said that one was nearby. Maybe we can find it before we reach the bridge. Lead on.
You must listen to me, girl. There isn't much time. You must search Dirge and look for the chests that were hidden all these years.
When the Emperor attacked, we hid ancient weapons and other treasures in these chests, to keep them safe from Sun Hai's greedy hands.
With the wards restored, spells that had hidden these chests were wiped away. You must find them if you can; they will be all throughout Dirge.
What are you staring at? Shouldn't we be going to the bridge?
You didn't see him, did you? It doesn't matter. I know what we're looking for. Follow me.
AUTOSAVING...
Total Gems: *cod4*
Hingoo Arrested
Mission Complete!
Perhaps a more direct application of my power will show you what you are up against...
...and just how restrictive your shell truly is.
Yes, this will amuse me. Worse than actually dying. Seeing death come and being unable to stop it.
I won't let you disgrace the Empire!
Go! I will do what I must.
Horrible. If the Emperor really is behind this, he's a monster.
How does this glorify the Emperor? I know we will discover that Death's hand is behind it all.
If this really is the Emperor's bidding, he is a true villain.
I suppose it puts them to use, but it's not really the way to treat a fallen enemy.
This is what we fight against? Death's Hand or the Emperor, we face a monster.
I don't like this machine. It smells like dead things.
Hopefully service under Master Gang will lead us to the information we need. We knew about the golems, but is Death's Hand or the Emperor behind it all?
Find Master Gang. Once we are close enough to the heart of the Assassins we can prove Death's Hand is behind this golem army.
Serving Master Gang should lead us to the information we need. Is Death's Hand or the Emperor behind the golem army?
So we serve Gang until we find the information we need? I'd rather fight the golem army. That would draw out their leaders, whether Death's Hand or the Emperor.
We know of the golem army, but who is behind it, Death's Hand or the Emperor? I suppose we have no choice but to seek this Master Gang.\n
So does this place belong to Death's Hand or the Emperor? Maybe Mister Gang can say who is building these clay men.
Shouldn't we be going to the bridge? It's not going to defend itself.
You've already found that new blade, don't you want to try it out?
Either try and find one of these mysterious chests you were talking about or head to the bridge. Either way, be quick about it!
I have to admit, you handled yourself very well out there. For a farm girl, that is.
I'm sure I couldn't have done half as well without a princess there to keep one or two busy while I did all the work.
That's clearly the problem with you people from Two Rivers: no respect for royalty. Must be something in the water.
We should get back to the temple. Go on, Dawn Star, I'll follow your lead...for now.
Shouldn't we be heading back to the temple?
You have your sword, and I'm sure if there's more weapons lying about, Wild Flower will sense them.
Unless you were looking for something else?
How could you do that? How can you just kill a man in cold blood? I am worried this journey to find Master Li is changing you.
Quick and to the point. I like it. I just hope we're done with this whole matter now.
That was a little uncalled for. I'm no stranger to violence, but even I shy away from killing a defenseless man.
You're not supposed to be here. [giggle] And we can't let you go up there either.
*I* won't let you go up there!
Ya Zhen: Well, well. They've sent you here to die, you know. A noble sacrifice, but one made in vain.
I will enjoy your suffering to the last drop!
Something...
Chai Ka: There is a power here... something old, but powerful. A relic of the Spirit Monks.
Chai Ka: Time is short, but it may prove useful. We should return to the others as soon as possible.
A power... nearby.
Something from... the Spirit Monks? Perhaps...
Whatever it is, it may be useful. And I have time before our absence is noticed.
Ya Zhen: I must return before too long, but... it is time enough to find this power.
My goodness... I didn't see that coming. Please warn me when you're about to remove a man's head from his shoulders. I'd like to avoid the spatter of blood next time.
Hmph. He certainly spewed a lot of blood for such a tiny guy. But otherwise, a nice clean death.
I certainly hope you know what you're doing. Trusting our lives to the river is one thing, but trusting them to this drunken boatswain is another matter entirely.
That kid's kinda creepy, even for me.
Why would you do that? You could have helped that girl. Instead, you've made her worse.
I don't approve of this. That girl needed a friend... I could sense her spirit; you could have helped her.
This whole ordeal is making my spine crawl. If we're done here I suggest we keep moving.
Is this over finally? We have more important matters to deal with than helping these long dead children.
That poor girl. I can sense her pain. I think we should have tried to help more.
There isn't time to talk. We have to look after the bridge before we do anything.
I doubt there would be more than the chest we've already found this far away from the temple. Let's go make sure Kang hasn't been distracted.
If you want to hunt for one of the chests the monk told me about, be quick.
You handle yourself pretty well for a spoiled and coddled noble.
High praise from a farm girl.
At Your Highness' service. We should get back to the temple. Lead on, I'll be right behind you.
We should go back to the temple.
There's nothing more for us to do down here.
Though you might want to look around for a chest first. It's up to you.
I don't know what to make of Zu. He seems so tormented.
Be careful of him. I never believed he was on our side.
A confusing man, that Zu. I wonder if *he* even knows what side he is on.
If he joined the enemy, why doesn't he just attack? The chatty ones are the most annoying.
I worry about Sagacious Zu. And about what he has in store for us.
So, is he a friend or not? Let's hurry and get out of here. This place holds bad feelings.
What? I knew you had a troubled past... that you were asked to do horrible things, but this is beyond anything I imagined.
You throw these accusations at your superiors and my father, but we have no reason to believe you.
I would not want to own the guilt for such an act. I pity you.
There is no challenge in that. Kill who you must, but they should be able to fight.
I have had my suspicions all along. Now it appears those concerns were well founded.
This doesn't sound right. You wouldn't do something so mean, would you?
Push *cod7*Focus*cod8* to Exit
I never enjoy controlling my senses, they catch a lot of things I'd miss. Whatever. We'd better tell the others we've made some progress.
Success, after a fashion. We should go inform the others after we leave the arena.
Well, that's certainly news. I'll reserve my judgment about whether it's good. Let's go tell the others once we leave the arena.
Good. I knew you could be relied upon. The others will want to know; we should go see them after we leave the arena.
Typical, sowing seeds of distrust in their new *cod6*recruits.*cod6* Once we're out of here, let's go tell the others about our success.
Chai Ka: You work quickly, but they see potential. The others will want to know of your success after we leave the arena.
Ya Zhen: This should be fun for everyone involved. The Assassins are my kind of people, insofar as I hate pretty much everyone. Let's go tell the others after we leave the arena.
That explains how they are produced in such numbers, but is it for the Emperor or Death's Hand?
Death's Hand has great power. We need proof of this from the inner chambers.
So the army can grow fast, but under who's authority?
Fake warriors? Whoever runs this has no idea what makes battle fun.
We have to find proof of Death's Hand ordering this, but I don't want it in *anybody's* hands.
That's a lot of clay men for the Emperor, or is it Death's Hand? We have to find out which, right?
I hope this floating log can handle the weight of a man like me. If I fall in I'm taking both of you with me!
Well, it would seem we have little choice. I certainly hope we won't regret asking Ru to help us.
I'm all for taking risk, but only when I'm making the rules. I have a hard time trusting the skills of this drunken boatswain.
I suppose this is the only way for us to continue. I just hope he isn't wasting our time.
I... guess I'll have to trust you, but I really don't like boats... or the water.
He's got a good point about the drinking. If that's all it took to be considered a drunk... well, I think you know where this is going.
I doubt that man could open a door, never mind a dam.
That man has the tools to be a great drunken master. Unfortunately you have to actually be sober to learn the style.
The Old Tongue, you mean? Anyone with half an education understands Tho Fan, and some of us prefer the way it rolls off the tongue.
I know I always feel awkward when I try to speak it, but listening to Gujin or Smiling Mountain speak in the Old Tongue always makes me smile.
Why do you insist on speaking like that, Gujin?
I'm ready to test Sky's Execution.
Amusing, but pointless. My talons are deep within you.
More fools leap to your defense, but no matter. The weight of my power will crush you soon enough.
I am with you. We haven't come this far to fail now.
We cannot let this stand. Not when so much is at stake.
I stand with you. We will not fall just yet.
There are others that leap to your defense, but you have lost some along the way. They were sacrificed as you saw fit. Are you certain we are so different?
These you must face on your own. You have driven your followers from you, sacrificing them as you needed. Are you certain we are so different?
Your efforts are meaningless. Do you think to counter my influence by yourself? A god holds you. Nothing in the mortal realm can help you. Nothing!
I have moved with you, hidden, trying to keep focus. I give you all that I am, all that I was. Restore what has been corrupted.
I have moved with you, hidden, trying to keep focus. You *may* become a tyrant, but his tyranny is certain. I give you all that I am, all that I was. Defeat him if you can.
That it was *you*, Dawn Star, only reinforces this. I would have recognized you, if I had cared to. What use are heirs to a god?
I always thought I had been abandoned. It was not until just now that I knew for certain. If I am dead to you, then you are dead to me.\n
I'm not sure what I expected my father to be, but I remember a time when I hoped he was someone like you. Not any more.
Let me talk. I will appeal to him as a daughter. It may strengthen our chances against him.
Should I try to appeal to him as... as a daughter? I don't know if he is truly beyond caring or not.
I did my best with what I understood at the time. I trained you with a weakness. You would succeed, but be vulnerable. I thought I anticipated everything.
Master Li... Sun Li... please hear me. Don't do this. I know you are not as heartless as you appear. You couldn't be... not and still be my father.
Do you hear me? I did my best with what I knew at the time. You were strong enough to achieve your destiny, but had a weakness I could exploit. I anticipated everything I could.
I will allow it. Let's see what his reaction is.
Do it. We may as well try.
Stay quiet. It is too late for talking.
You try to paralyze my resolve? My will is stronger than that.
Guide your minds to me. I am the one that must face Sun Li!
You know nothing of loyalty. That is your weakness.
Those that remain have shown true loyalty.
She *is* hard to handle. I had to have her restrained.
Could we speak before we leave. I have... concerns.
If I am truly important you would not do this. You only need me as a tool, just as Master Li used you.
You didn't say how Master Li reacted to the news that I am his daughter, but your silence on the subject says much by itself. He didn't believe you.
I... I don't want to believe that yet. There is always hope. There has to be. Even with all of the hard decisions we have had to make to get here.
Of course. He isn't the man he pretended to be. I expect no less from someone like that. From anyone. We have to fix everything, whatever the cost.
More lies? Is nothing in the Empire what it seems? There is so much that is wrong, it is hard to see what is right. And you carry this burden most of all.
I do this because I need you. As Master Li's child you are very important to me.
Do not dwell on it. He is lost to us.
He believed. He just didn't care. His concern for his family was a lie.
This will leave the slot empty.
This Way to Sanity
A medicinal poultice designed to accelerate the healing of wounds. This poultice is infused with bearded tongue grass, a medicinal herb used to dull pain. Its medical value is somewhat questionable.*cod2*
Th... thank you. I'm a bit better now.
Something... happened to my body...
He's hurting inside me again... can we keep moving?
I feel him... cutting inside my mind...
Why are we waiting here? He's waiting for a chance to hurt me...
Can't we... can't we keep moving?
I'm... I'm hurting more...
Ya Zhen: Hrn...
What are we waiting for?
This waiting bores me.
Watch yourself!
You must fight harder!
They were no match for me.
Pathetic weaklings.
You were weak after all...
A pathetic end...
You are strong, mortal!
More victims...
Do not resist my might!
Another death!
My victims fall!
BlackMantis
Long sword
SevenThunders
DoubleSwords
MonkStaff
Horse Demon Form
OgreForm
Red Minister orm
Golem Form
Toad Demon Form
CreatureForm
SpiritForm
Musket
I'll improvise!
This will be useful!
Whatever it takes!
Red Minister Form
ToadDemonForm
I... must... continue!
I can't face them!
Fear holds me.
I... I can't do this!
This is not a pleasure to be a part of!
Such horror!
Be serious. This worries me. The world seems to be filling up with wayward spirits. That it affected the Forest Shadow is very disturbing.
That is very sweet of you to say. We should get back to what we need to do. Is there anything else you need?
Don't feel bad for being special. In my eyes, you have no choice.
You let that slip to interest me. Tell me about it.
You know you can ask me for anything as long as I have your company.
Tell me about that. How... sensitive are you?
You stand out. I prefer that. I know the feeling.
I've always been interested in you. Tell me what you remember.
And I value you a great deal as well. What did you want to talk about?
We can put things right if we stay together.
If you depend on me, I consider that a privilege, not a burden.
I welcome that admission. What is on your mind?
It would seem that my past is catching up to me, and you are destined to be swept along. You have faced your first spirit opponents far sooner than I intended.
Dawn Star can explain the nature of such creatures. I must go and make sure everything is in place. I thought I had more time, but perhaps you are ready.
Do not be so quick to thank me. My influence caused this attack. You were not meant to see this yet, but now there is no choice. I will explain at the school.
You have done well, but more than this awaits you. See to your fellow villagers and students and return to me at the school. We have... a great deal to discuss.
You would have fought, and you would have died. You are not ready, but you soon will be. There is no choice left to us. I will explain at the school.
Thank you for your assistance, Master Li.
Why did you step in? I could have fought him.
Ah, you're one of them, are you? Follower of the Way of the Closed Fist? Whatever your motives, I think we both understand the language of silver.
Ha. You know, I honestly didn't think you'd do it.
You make an interesting point. These people complained when the old town was flooded, and now they complain about just the opposite.
A businessman with plenty of silver to spare might be able to restore the old town, and control most of the land around here.
Yes, I think Tien's Landing would do quite well under my... guidance. The next few years will be interesting times.
A philosopher with a head for business. Will wonders never cease?
Yes, of course. I will remember your help. I have a feeling crossing you would be the act of an idiot.
I prefer something useful. Your weapon, for example.
Physical strength is the quality I am interested in.
I am interested in improving my mind.
I am concerned with spiritual matters.
Have you encountered any interesting gems?
I'm eager to try another attempt at this map. The route is rough, but there is something about it that inspires me. I need to see the whole thing for it to make sense.
Ready for another attempt at the map we found in the Furnace? I'm sure completing it will jog my memory even more.
Yes, I'm glad you want to make another attempt. This is very serious. We could rescue the greatest inventor the Empire has ever known. More or less.
Well, that was a bit bumpy. Still, I can tighten up a bolt or two and we'll be ready to try again! We really should try again, you know?
Lead on. I will follow. What choice do I have?
Direct me where you wish. I have no say in the matter. That is what you wanted, isn't it? Unquestioning, meaningless obedience?
I follow as directed. I am capable of nothing else. You sustain me now.
I am thoroughly surprised that I even considered entering this place without being bound to your will. What was I thinking?
Chai Ka: You are progressing as only you are able. The fate of the Empire is yours to decide.
Direct me as you must, but do not expect me to like it. I am just a tool to you.
We have to find Master Li and stop him. We can't let this continue.
Try again
From the school
It is here, in my home. I kept it hidden by never acknowledging its importance. It is not hard to hide something. You need only master keeping the secret.
Does this tunnel lead to the cave somehow? The entrance couldn't be here, could it?
Area Attack
Move
We have to stop Li. We can't let his crimes go unpunished.
Don't keep Li waiting. The power he holds will soon be yours.
Whatever you command. I don't appear to have much of a choice.
Conscript
L  R
It's time. We must go face Master Li in the throne room.
Our trial is not over. Your former Master will be in the throne room... waiting.
Well... as if this weren't enough, your former Master is in the throne room.
This act only confirms what we must do next. Sun Li awaits you in the throne room.
Now that this is over with, your old Master waits for a beating in the throne room.
Chai Ka: Your task is nearly complete. Sun Li awaits you in the throne room.
You do not have any unequipped gems.
Once Sun Li is defeated you can use the power of the Water Dragon to make everything right again.
Your offer was richer than any other. Speaking of which, you owe me.
This town will be stronger for learning to live without the dam.
Do what you wish, I don't care about these people.
Remember that strength comes from adversity. Share that lesson with these peasants.
Don't forget who got you there. I certainly won't.
To the beach.
Cannon fire! Look out!
Weapon Master Gujin.
Look out!
[These meditation wheels are broken beyond your ability to fix them.]
[After a moment of examining the gears, you are pretty sure you can make some repairs. There's a small risk, though, that you might damage the gearing system permanently.]
[Success] [It's hard work, but you manage to find enough replacement parts to make one of the wheels spin freely.]
[You can't see any easy way to make repairs without replacement parts. You might still succeed, but there's a good chance that you'll damage the gearing permanently.]
[Failure] [You failed to make the repairs, and your efforts have further damaged several of the ancient gears.]
[You're quite certain these wheels will never spin again.]
[Attempt the repairs.]
Root Node for Zu's Making of Shots. Pick one!
The Perfected Warrior
Health +15*cod2*Focus +15*cod2**cod2*An ancient technique taught only to the finest champions in the Empire, the Perfected Warrior technique serves to focus an already razor-sharp mind and condition an already powerful body to the heights of perfection. Your undefeated rise to the rank of Imperial Champion proves that you deserve to be among the elite few who have ever learned this technique.\n
I have a scroll for you that details a most ancient technique, once taught only to the Imperial Champion. Your perfect record in this place deserved a revival of tradition.
Bandits' Loot
The Great Portal
Decaying Bodies
Decaying Body
[These meditation wheels have seen better days. While the wheels themselves aren't damaged, it looks like there was a complicated system of gearing that connected them.]
Master Li must sense that his death is coming. Make sure he suffers.
Don't worry, love. You *will* win this day.
Be strong, my spirit monk. You can do this, and we'll help you however we can.
Don't worry. I'll be here with you, whatever happens.
Let's finish this. Your master grow stronger by the minute.
That should soften him up. I may not be able to fight him while I'm wounded, but at least I did this. I'll go warn the rest.
Some Assassins got past the bridge on flyers! You... change your skin, or whatever it is you do, and hold them off. I will go make sure the Black Whirlwind is awake.
A new low for Hou, letting a little girl cover my retreat. Remember to come meet up at the temple after!
ParalyzingPalm
StoneImmortal
HorseDemonForm
RedMinisterForm
GolemForm
Improvise1
Improvise2
Improvise3
LegendaryStrike
Hmm, there you go again with your playful words. I never know when you're serious, or what my reaction should be.
You aren't completely unnoticed. You have *my* eye often enough.
I prefer it when you are smiling. Is there anything I can do?
Typical!
Free target mode
Press the *cod7*FreeTarget*cod8* key to exit
To the Town Square
The End of the Beginning.
Thank you for playing the first half of Chapter One! We can't let you see any more without giving away critical story details, but you haven't seen the last of Master Li, Dawn Star, Gao the Lesser, or the mysterious Lotus Assassins. If you have any questions about story, gameplay, or the world of Jade Empire please ask!
Do you know of any other configurations?
You have died.
You have repelled the siege, and it is time to return to the palace and confront your former Master, Sun Li the Glorious Strategist. Address your followers and prepare them for this final confrontation.
A Master's Fate
Your followers have weathered the siege and await your word on what to do next.
Return to the Palace
Speak with Kang to leave for the palace.
You have repelled the siege, and it is time to return to the palace and confront your former Master, Sun Li the Glorious Strategist. He will be expecting your return. This confrontation is inevitable.
Find the Water Dragon's Body
Find the body of the Water Dragon inside the palace. The flow of power to Sun Li must be stopped.
You have returned to the palace at the heart of the Empire. To weaken Sun Li, you must find the corpse of the Water Dragon and stop the flow of power to your former Master. Only then can you defeat him.
Let the Water Dragon Rest
Destroy the machine that sustains the Water Dragon, and after Sun Li is defeated, her power will dissipate, and she will reform. The Jade Empire will be restored.
The Water Dragon is held between life and death, strung up like a grim trophy, a cruel mockery of her former glory. You must decide her fate before you can defeat Sun Li.
Poison the Water Dragon
Poison the body of the Water Dragon with the blood of your fellows, and after Sun Li is defeated, her power will remain for you to claim. You will forge a new Jade Empire.
Go to the Throne Room
Go to the throne room to face Sun Li.
The fate of the Water Dragon is decided. Now you must loosen Sun Li's grip on the power he has already claimed. He must answer for what he has done.
Defeat the Stone Constructs
Sun Li created demons from the very stone of the palace. Defeat them and confront your former Master!
Enemies Within
Purge Sun Li's influence from your mind.
Sun Li has used his stolen power to encase you and your followers in stone, but you are not helpless. Push him out of your mind to free yourself from his grip.
Master versus Student
Defeat Sun Li in personal combat! Match his power with your own!
Sun Li stands before you, your Master no longer. Show him you are more than a match for his carefully constructed lies.
Play Crust
Give All Henchmen
Crust Down
Give All Gems
Crust Up
Give All Plot Items
Play VFX
VFX Down
VFX Up
Make Your Way into the Temple
Your victory has bought you a moment of time to look around the temple courtyard, if you wish. When the bun master's whining gets too shrill, you should make your way to the temple to make sure everything's fine.
Golems, assassins... whatever. If it's foolish enough to get close, you're foolish enough to kill it. The courtyard seems clear enough, but you never know what sort of delicious and intoxicating goodies might be stored around the place. They're monks after all....
*cod168*
*cod169*
*cod170*
*cod171*
*cod172*
*cod173*
*cod174*
*cod175*
*cod176*
*cod177*
*cod178*
*cod179*
*cod180*
*cod181*
*cod182*
*cod183*
*cod184*
*cod185*
*cod186*
*cod187*
*cod188*
*cod189*
*cod190*
*cod191*
*cod192*
*cod193*
*cod194*
*cod195*
*cod196*
*cod197*
*cod198*
*cod199*
*cod200*
*cod201*
*cod202*
*cod203*
*cod204*
*cod205*
*cod206*
*cod207*
*cod208*
*cod209*
*cod210*
*cod211*
*cod212*
*cod213*
*cod214*
*cod215*
*cod216*
*cod217*
*cod218*
*cod219*
*cod220*
*cod221*
*cod222*
*cod223*
*cod224*
*cod225*
*cod226*
*cod227*
*cod228*
*cod229*
086:\n
087:\n
088:\n
089:\n
090:\n
091:\n
092:\n
093:\n
094:\n
095:\n
096:\n
097:\n
098:\n
099:\n
100:\n
101:\n
102:\n
103:\n
Cheat Config Chest
Oh, good. I was worried something might turn out to be *simple* for once!
AN EMPEROR WHO BECAME A TYRANT
AN EXILE WHO LED A REVOLUTION
ON A QUEST FOR VENGEANCE
THE BATTLE FOR THE JADE EMPIRE
HAS JUST BEGUN
INTRODUCING AN ACTION ROLE-PLAYING GAME OF MYTHICAL PROPORTIONS
JADE EMPIRE
DEVELOPED BY BIOWARE CORP.
Disoriented
Waiting for your return from the Spirit Cave.
Your course is set. The Inquisitor will be waiting at your camp. Appease him and you'll be on the road to appeasing me.
If an opponent is too difficult, you can change the combat difficulty at any time, even while fighting.
Support styles like Heavenly Wave do no damage, but can greatly reduce an opponent's effectiveness in combat.
Weapon styles have no effect on spirits. Switch to Martial styles to defeat them.
Hold the *cod7*ChiHeal*cod8* key to use Chi Heal and bring yourself and your follower back from the brink of death.
Hall
I recovered the amulet piece from the Lotus Assassins.
It wasn't in the ruins. They took it to Gao's lair.
I'm not here to pick a fight, Gao. Just drop it.
You didn't think someone who killed your master would fall for a simple ambush, did you?
You ran out of focus
You ran out of chi.
Noncombatant
Inventory
Here we go. This line has no VO.
This is the Space Test VO.
This is the *cod6*sounds*cod6* test VO
This is the VO for the short and fast sounds.
This is the VO for yodeling. Or yelling. Whatever floats your boat, captain.
This is the chit chat VO. Note, Ben may not be the best conversationalist on the planet, but we forgive him because he's faking it.
Okay!
Play me *cod6*The Space Test*cod6*
Play me the Phoneme test.
Play me that funky fresh short and fast sounds.
Yelling is where I NEED to be.
Here's some general chit chat coming down the pipe.
I'm done.
Over a thousand years ago, Emperor Sagacious Tien united the lands that make up the Jade Empire.
Use Chi Strikes (press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key in combat) to add damage to your attacks.
Use Chi to heal yourself (*cod7*ChiHeal*cod8*), deal more damage (*cod7*ChiStrike*cod8*), and power magic and transformation styles.
Sometimes it is better not to pick up a power-up immediately. It may come in handy later in the battle.
When wounded and outnumbered in combat, an Area Attack (*cod7*FastAttack*cod8* + *cod7*StrongAttack*cod8*) can buy you enough time to use Chi Heal.
Demons are immune to Support styles such as Storm Dragon and Heavenly Wave.
Sometimes it is helpful to leap out of the heat of battle and regroup. Use evades (*cod7*Block*cod8* + *cod7*Up*cod8*, *cod7*Left*cod8*, *cod7*Down*cod8*, or *cod7*Right*cod8*) to find a better position in combat.
Use followers to supplement your preferred styles. A close quarters fighter can complement a character that uses magic at range.
A follower assigned to Support mode is ignored by enemies. You are enhanced by their meditations, but you must fight solo.
Use *cod7*FightStyle1*cod8*, *cod7*FightStyle2*cod8*, *cod7*FightStyle3*cod8*, or *cod7*FightStyle4*cod8* to quickly change styles. Press and hold *cod7*FightStyle1*cod8*, *cod7*FightStyle2*cod8*, *cod7*FightStyle3*cod8*, or *cod7*FightStyle4*cod8* to assign a style. The game will pause during selection, even in combat.
Weapon styles are powerful, but they drain your Focus and cannot damage spirits. Versatility is the key to victory.
Weapon styles like Fortune's Favorite or Golden Star are helpful when you're surrounded.\n
Use Support styles like Heavenly Wave to set your opponents up for devastating Martial-style attacks.
All spirits are immune to Support and Weapon styles, but vulnerable to Martial and Magic styles.
Harmonic combos are great for finishing off opponents. Read each Martial or Support style's description to learn its role in harmonic combos.
Blocking (*cod7*Block*cod8*) can save your life when fighting enemies who use projectile attacks.
Chi Heal (*cod7*ChiHeal*cod8*) can make all the difference in combat. Be sure to use it before it is too late.
Focus mode (*cod7*Focus*cod8*) is powerful but taxing. Use it sparingly to escape difficult situations.
Your magical weapons drain Focus (the yellow bar) as you use them. Be careful not to run out of Focus at critical moments.
Some enemies are immune to certain types of attacks, so vary your tactics in combat by switching styles.
Support styles do no damage, but they have significant effects that weaken opponents without consuming your Chi or Focus.
Raise or lower difficulty to fit the level of challenge you want. Press *cod7*Menu*cod8* and select Difficulty from the Options screen at any time.
Books and scrolls grant experience and valuable insight into the history of the Empire.
Techniques are training aids that permanently modify stats. Choose carefully; powerful increases may be balanced by penalties elsewhere.
The Way of the Closed Fist was originally put forth by a philosopher named Bladed Thesis, who felt that strength was the ultimate virtue. *cod2*
Pause the game (*cod7*CombatPause*cod8*) at any time to switch styles or plan your next move.
Refer to the Journal for a summary of your active quests, or to review what you have completed.
If an opponent is too challenging, adjust difficulty from the Options screen. This change may even be done during combat.
Followers in Support mode are ignored by enemies. Your abilities are enhanced but all opponents focus on you.
Meditating at Chi and Focus shrines before important battles can give you the edge you need.
Surplus essence gems can be sold to merchants for silver.
Equipping the right combination of gems can give you a significant boost in certain fights.
Violence isn't the only solution to a problem. Sometimes persuasion can get you out of a tough spot.
Explore to find gems to place into your Dragon Amulet. These gems will enhance your abilities.
Look for chests and other breakable objects that contain silver or gems. Be careful, some may be rigged with traps.
New friends and enemies can come from anywhere. Be mindful in your dealings with the people you meet.
Speak to the arena's fighters to find out more about them and the arena itself.
Some styles are difficult to grasp if you do not first understand the particular moral philosophies that make them work.
With the way to the underworld blocked, death is only the beginning.
Despite their differences, Dawn Star and Silk Fox can be quite powerful if they work together.
You are restored to life, but your task is not yet complete.
Each of your followers has a unique strength. You will need to rely on them to succeed.
Once again Dirge is the site of a major siege. This time, you and your followers are the targets.
Doubt can cripple even the most powerful warrior.
Your last visit to the palace was a violent one. This time your enemy is more powerful, but so are you.
The calm before the storm. With his army repelled, your former Master awaits you in his palace.
Your choices will dictate the fate of the Empire. Choose your actions wisely, and keep the consequences in mind.
All demons are immune to Support styles, and some are immune to Magic styles.
The Long Drought was a dark time in the Empire's history, but some whisper that darker times are yet ahead.
Phoenix Gate, the biggest city in the Prosperous East, is the center of trade in the Jade Empire.
The Wall once surrounded and protected a young Jade Empire. Now it stands as a testament to Imperial drive and ambition.
The Horselords of the Plain of Barren Hope threatened the Jade Empire's northern border until Zeng Sai, their greatest warlord, fell to the Imperial Army.
The Golden Delta is at once the source of the Empire's richest farmland and its poorest people.
The Outlanders of the Mysterious East wear suits of metal armor and speak in a strange, lilting language unknown in the Jade Empire.
The bloodlust of the mad Emperor Zian was so consuming that he sent the Imperial Army after his own subjects in an attempt to slake his murderous impulses.
The spiritual teachings of Lao Tsi serve as the basis from which much of Jade Empire society springs.
The Celestial Bureaucracy governs the heavens and assigns each spirit its station in creation.
Even the mightiest of spirits have strict roles to play. Those who act outside their station often become demons and torment mankind.
Women in the Jade Empire enjoy all of the rights of the Empire's men. Many of the Empire's finest warriors are women.
Elephant demons are viciously territorial guardians, but only for spirits or sorcerers strong enough to inspire loyalty.
Horse demons are sadistic creatures that call forth searing flames to torment their victims.
Emperor Sun Hai's withdrawal from the public eye leads some to wonder if he is truly still in control at all.
While most demons ignore their given station and enjoy tormenting mortals, some are truly honorable and want only the best for creation.
The night before a battle is always restless.
Theater in the Jade Empire is rare and entertaining, but only the most skillful of satirists can effect any real insightful message.
Magic in the Jade Empire is elemental or spiritual in nature. Anything else is usually considered superstition.
While some ogres may seem musclebound and stupid, most possess the skill to craft and use reasonably advanced arms and armor.
As hideous and dangerous as they are, ogres are not demons. They are natural creatures made warlike by their territorial nature.
The Jade Empire's use of an explosive substance called dragon powder makes opposing its military a deadly proposition.
The Jade Empire was formed when Sagacious Tien united many provinces under his rule, making for a land of diverse names, languages, and cultures.
The Lotus Assassins were once known as the Lotus Order, monks dedicated to the protection and spiritual development of the presiding emperor.
The Jade Empire prides itself on beauty. Ornate, flowing, and even revealing clothing is often a sign of personal confidence and importance.
For community forums and more information about Jade Empire, visit jade.bioware.com.
Master Li is not the first master of Two Rivers School.
Ghosts denied access to the underworld often go mad as they wander the earth.
The swamps surrounding Two Rivers are home to bandits and raiders who prey on unwary travelers.
Mechanical flyers are not uncommon in the Empire, but few people outside of the Imperial City will ever see one.
Ogres, driven out of the civilized world by people who fear their size and brutality, often take residence in moist caves and tunnels.
Toad demons don't get much respect from other demons, but their viciousness and strength place them among the deadliest creatures in the Empire.
Tho Fan, the Old Tongue, is spoken by a small percentage of the Empire's population, but almost everyone educated in the Jade Empire can understand it.
The sleepy town of Two Rivers has been your home, and its people your family, for twenty years.
Restless spirits still rule the deepest places in the ruins of the old Tien's Landing.
Gao the Greater has equipped his pirates with flyers and other strange devices. No one knows how they acquired these wonders.
The best way to fight a nest of pirates is to make friends on the inside.
Tien's Landing is a small town, but it has its share of thieves, thugs, and criminals.
Wandering ghosts cannot be destroyed, but they can be dispersed. Denied access to the underworld, they will always return to earth in time.
Rat demons are the lowest caste of the demon hierarchy, but they can be deadly if cornered.
The Great Dam's opening revealed the ruins of the old Tien's Landing, flooded long ago by Imperial decree.
Not everyone escaped the flooding when the Great Dam was closed. The ruins contain many restless spirits.
There is nothing worse than a pack of drunken sailors marooned on land for an extended period of time.
Teahouses are often the social center of a small town, but they are quickly being replaced by taverns.
Not all *cod6*promotions*cod6* in the Empire's government are good things. Officials are often given posts far from the Imperial City to get them out of the way.
Local legend states that Tien's Landing is the birthplace of the Empire. It is not alone in claiming this origin.
Tien's Landing is plagued by problems that would cripple a larger city.
The pirates have some outstanding machinery, no doubt made possible by Gao the Greater's wealth.
The Lotus Assassins' grip reaches even as far as Tien's Landing.
Some say that every natural place and object in the world has a spirit of its own. Indeed, many places have guardian spirits to watch over them.
Mad ghosts have lost touch with their humanity, their forms twisting to match the fractured state of their minds.
The Pilgrim's Path is famous as a place of meditation and reflection.
There are many heavens in the universe. Each spirit of high standing claims a heaven-realm of its own.
Fox spirits are charged with the task of using confounding tricks and riddles to teach and test humanity.
A spirit is most powerful within its own realm. To attack one in its home is folly at best.
Strange are the workings of the Celestial Bureaucracy. Exceptional mortals are sometimes granted godhood to preserve their genius forever.
A fantastic blend of magic and skill fuels the marvels of Lord Lao's Wondrous Furnace.
The cannibal creature known as the Mother is a primal demon of hunger that can twist men into degenerate beasts.
The Mother calls you to hunger... to feed....
The Pilgrim's Rest Inn is famous for offering a spot of hospitality in the middle of the Great Southern Forest.
While the Forest Shadow's attacks on people have become more frequent of late, she has never assaulted the Pilgrim's Rest directly.
Many say that Crimson Khana, the Bronze Division champion, has a chance to go all the way.
Filled with talented hopefuls, the Bronze Division is the first real division in the Imperial Arena.
The Gold Division features some of the toughest fights in all the Empire.
The notorious Ravager awaits you at the top of the Gold Division.
By even entering the Gold Division, you have set yourself apart as one of the finest fighters in the Empire.
Magical wards prevent lasting damage in the Imperial Arena.
Attacks powerful or insidious enough can break through the protective wards of the arena, but the chances of that are slim.
By participating in the Imperial Arena, you are inviting the eyes of the Empire to watch you fight.
The Imperial Arena goes through many creatures in its special events.
Ogres, cannibals, and even demons are not uncommon in arena combat.
Hapless Han, the unofficial *cod6*champion*cod6* of the qualifying division, is eager to learn from as many fighters as possible.
Because it is the finest arena in the land, the Imperial Arena requires all fighters to qualify before facing its toughest combatants.
Qui the Promoter sees great potential in you. Then again, he says that to just about everyone.
Iron Soldier's experience in the Imperial Army colors both his attitude and his fighting ability.
Having established yourself as a skilled combatant, you can expect powerful eyes to be upon you.
Many fighters never make it past the Silver Division. Iron Soldier makes sure of that.
The Heart of the Empire Tavern sees customers from all walks of life, from common drunks to Imperial judges.
Close
Watch out!
Quickly! Take the child and go!
Come with me!
No! This is *my* fight. *Go!*
Shhhh.
Spirit Monk
Aspect of Rage
Aspect of Despair
Something else? Or may I have your leave turn my attention back to the game at hand?
You wish to understand my approach to the art of combat? Ask.
Ah, yes. Harmonic combinations. Tricky things, but very powerful. They harness a resonance that can take place if you switch quickly between styles as you fight.
NOT USED
It is said that the Water Dragon is the Shepherd of the Dead, and a symbol of life and restoration. Beyond that is philosophy, and not for a soldier to know.
I don't know how the attack was made, or what blade could cut the heart from a god. But I do know that any man who would attempt such a plan is arrogant beyond imagining.
Standard Store
The Shadow in the Trees
*cod2*Travelers in the Great Southern Forest often report strange sightings and bizarre phenomena. Aside from the hospitality of the Pilgrim's Rest Inn, the forest is nearly entirely wilderness, and the verdant canopy of the forest hides wonderful and fearsome creatures unlike any seen anywhere else in the Empire. *cod2**cod2*The strangest tales are those of a shadow among the trees that seems to follow visitors to the forest. Philosophers hoping to reflect in the peace of the forest often report feeling watched, and patrons of the Pilgrim's Rest Inn claim to have seen a strange silhouette darting among the trees. Despite the apparently otherworldly nature of this figure, those who witness it sense no aggression and attribute it to the mysteries of the forest.
The Physical Universe: A Rebuttal
*cod2*The world that we live in is not as simplistic as Philosopher Jiang would suggest in his treatise on the physical universe. His hypotheses regarding divine regulation of weather and seasons, though interesting, is nothing more than children's tales made overly complicated. Recent research, led by Scholar Dongow, has proven that our seasons and weather are much more than the careless whims of distant celestial beings. Our universe is made up of very real, very tangible components that can be carefully quantified and qualified.
The Physical Universe: The Philosopher's Viewpoint
*cod2*Though Scholar Shao Shiang has raised several interesting points in his rebuttal to my treatise on the physical world, his lack of respect for the divine is of greater concern than his lack of understanding of the physical world around him. I agree that there are many aspects to our world that cannot be explained by divine influence alone. We learn and continue to thrive at the mercy of the celestial beings. Without their guidance, and indeed, their blessing, we would quickly discover that research and understanding of our physical world alone are not nearly enough for us to survive.
The Physical Universe: The Scholar's Hypothesis
*cod2*To suggest that I, of all people, do not understand the significance or the importance of the celestial beings is preposterous. I pay my tributes at the temple because I honor those who gave us our minds and our curiosity. Philosopher Jiang ignores the crux of the problem by hiding behind his arguments of divine belief. The scholars have made some recent discoveries, such as the way in which clouds are formed. But the philosophers, lead by Jiang, dismiss these theories without even hearing them out. How can we progress as a society if we refuse to accept new ideas and new concepts? The philosophers would have us cling to our traditions, even at the cost of our own prosperity.
The Physical Universe: A Final Word
*cod2*Scholar Shao Shiang has once again missed the central point of the philosophers' argument. We do not wish to stall development, nor do we seek to stop people from learning. Philosophers see the work of the divine in the physical world and oppose those who defy tradition only because they find those customs inconvenient or outdated. Learning and respect for the past need not be mutually exclusive; we seek only to learn in a way that does not dishonor the celestial beings that give us our very lives.
Since I keep forgeting where I put everything the night before, I'm writing this checklist to myself... to help get me through mornings.*cod2**cod2*1. Do you have your axes? If not, you're probably dead.*cod2*2. Do you have your clothes? Are you wearing them? If you don't see your clothes nearby, you'll probably never find them, so don't waste time looking. If you really need clothes for some reason, take what you need from the nearest dead bodies.*cod2*3. Are you in a bed? Is there someone with you? I've learned from past mistakes, waking up with someone usually turns out badly. Get your clothes and leave quietly.*cod2*4. Is anyone still alive nearby? Don't be shocked. Sometimes I pass out before I start fighting. Since the people nearby probably won't be up for a fight for some time, it's best just to move on and find another place to stay for the day.
Daily Reminder
An Unlikely Ally
It took some doing, but I was finally able to subdue every country south of the Jade Empire. That's the last time anybody from there will steal my wine!
Conquer the Southern Continent
Flight to Dirge
Defend the Bridge
Defend the bridge until Kang the Mad can destroy it.
The warrior whom your uncle had slain has returned to life! Maybe times are not as dire as you had believed. Defend the entrance to Dirge from your uncle's army until the bridge can be destroyed, sealing them out.
Keep the Farm Girl Safe
While she has been through a lot, you're certain Dawn Star still can't take care of herself. If we have time, you should talk to her after the fight.
You've lead Dawn Star down to aid Kang at the bridge, and while she's certainly competent, you'd feel bad letting one of the peasants die on your watch.
After a brief talk with Dawn Star, you've come to the conclusion that she's made of sterner stuff than you'd expected. Surprisingly, after fighting at your side she seemed less defensive than usual. Perhaps you've been a bit hard on her, after all.
Find proof of Death's Hand's treachery.
Death's Hand was not the manipulator you had thought. Your father has been behind everything all along. He seeks to rise above his lofty station, and you know the heavens will not be kind to such an affront. Seek him out and speak with him to change him from this ruinous course.
An unlikely ally has appeared.
The warrior I met in Tien's Landing has appeared within the Imperial City. It seems my interest was not misplaced. I must find proof of Death's Hand's influence over my father, and I believe this warrior can help, so we will join forces for a time.
You met the mysterious woman known as Silk Fox in the ruins outside Tien's Landing. She did not join you on your journey, but if you reach the Imperial City, she may assist you in finding Master Li. It seems clear that Silk Fox enjoys manipulating those around her.
A Woman in Black
You and your followers are playthings. The rest are held just as you are. You are each too weak to match my power.
They always begin with either a magical or support style. That's the key.
Birdcage
I believed the words of my brother, thinking him wise beyond my understanding. Had I known what would happen, I would have fought to stop them both.
I do not claim redemption, but the suffering I have endured must be enough to pay that debt! It must!
Do you deserve peace? Despite your later slavery, you helped attack Dirge.
Bah! You say that because of your fate, not because of guilt.
No, you will serve my cause until I decide that penance has been done!
And now you are too useful a tool to give up.
Defend Dirge from Sun Li's Troops
Capital Aspirations
Protect Kang
Please let us be done. No, he says... to the throne room. That is where we must fight next.
Jade Empire Bestiary: Vol. 3
*cod2*To Kill a Spirit*cod2**cod2*A wise monk once asked, *cod6*How can you kill a thing that is already dead?*cod6* The answer is simple: You cannot. You can, however, disperse a spirit. This is not the same as killing, but it has a similar effect. It is important to remember that spirits are virtually immune to man-made weapons. You must confront spirits with martial, magic, or transformation styles. Never underestimate the strength of spirits. They may appear insubstantial, but they can still be deadly to the living.
The Airing of Grievances
*cod2*Being a collection of the indignities suffered by Minister Sheng at the hands of the backward shanty town of Tien's Landing: *cod2**cod2*His hat has been soiled.*cod2*A parchment was stolen from him before a speech at a community gathering.*cod2*His cat was viciously threatened.*cod2*A chair at his table was placed backward.*cod2*His finger was slammed in a door not once, but thrice.*cod2*An egg was thrown at him by an unknown assailant.*cod2*His cart was stolen, filled with soiled garments, and then returned.*cod2*His face was ridiculed by young children.*cod2*His prized tonberry was squashed.*cod2*It was suggested that he perform acts of deliberate indecency upon himself.*cod2*He was forced to suffer the interminable and petty gripes of the people.*cod2*His hair was accused of being impermanent and false.*cod2*The honor of his family was impugned.*cod2*He suffered a disabling attack by a pack of bees. *cod2*His reputation was maligned by brigands. Brigands!*cod2*A local dog evacuated in the Minister's shoe. *cod2*He was given a gift of turtle eggs by a visiting merchant.*cod2*It was suggested that he would be able to trace his lineage to a simple courtesan.*cod2*He was referred to as *cod6*smelly.*cod6**cod2*He slipped in mud, no doubt placed in his path by jealous townsfolk.*cod2*Sailors burned down his office.
Dragon Statue
Be Wary of a Second Meeting
It seems the mysterious woman in black expects the two of you to cross paths again. Be on the lookout. She could be a useful ally, but she could also be a dangerous foe if you have another *cod6*misunderstanding.*cod6*
You encountered the woman in black again. Her name is Silk Fox.
The Silk Fox
Seek the mysterious Silk Fox in the Imperial City and learn more about her.
The Heavenly Lily
Meet Princess Lian at the location specified in her note, the Scholars' Garden in the Imperial City. Learn what she has in store for you.
Silk Fox is, in fact, Princess Sun Lian the Heavenly Lily, the daughter of Emperor Sun Hai and heir to the throne of the Jade Empire. She seems to have developed a personal interest in you, although she is clearly adept at manipulating others to further her own goals. It may be a challenge to get along with such a strong willed individual.
Learn More about Sun Lian
Princess Sun Lian has shown interest in speaking with you about personal matters. Returning that interest might give you insight into why she despises the royal court and how she came to despise Death's Hand.
Put the Princess at Ease
Silk Fox's hatred of Death's Hand has shown you the way to the Lotus Assassin Fortress. Whatever you learn inside, it will likely have as great an effect on her as on your own concerns.
End a Lifelong Betrayal
Stand by Sun Lian as you demand answers from her father.
Contrary to what Princess Lian believed, her father, Emperor Sun Hai, is responsible for the current corruption in the Jade Empire. This uncomfortable revelation shook her perception of her home. You intend to rescue your Master, but she must also confront a father she only thought she knew.
Take Sun Lian to the Heart of the Palace
Despite rebelling against the restrictions of tradition, Sun Lian holds great reverence for the Empire and its storied past. Help her to see that her father's crimes against the Empire can be undone.
Help Restore the Empire
Stand by Sun Lian as you confront her father.
Sun Lian's father was irredeemable, but you have shown yourself to be trustworthy. She will always regard you as a close ally, regardless of what comes.
[You find a bag filled with silver in this chest.]
Revealing Kang the Mad as Lord Lao could have had a great effect on the Empire, but after the victory over Sun Li, Kang remained much as he was. He continued to build wonders for *cod7*FullName*cod8*, and he was still criticized for the chaos his machines created, but angry mobs have no sting when you are a minor deity. At first, Lao Kang found this liberating, and his inventions reached new heights of destructive potential. But after a time, he realized that his pursuers had been the driving force behind him. Nothing stirs the imagination like having your life depend upon your next creation. Few understood his motives when he began actively arming his most vocal detractors, but he insisted, standing amidst the craters, that it was for the good of all.
After Sun Li's defeat, *cod7*FullName*cod8* fortified the Empire against any possible assault. Kang the Mad, revealed as the minor deity Lord Lao, continued his service to the new Emperor, creating ever more fearful devices, each intended for a more powerful target than the last. But Lao Kang knew that some day, probably sometime after helping subjugate the rest of the heavens, he would no longer be of use. He was certain he would eventually be called to build a machine to pull his own heart out to steal his power, and that just gave him the willies. His last invention opened a portal to another plane of existence, and he, along with a good portion of the Golden Delta, disappeared within. Nothing says *cod6*I quit*cod6* like a crater the size of a lake.
Sir Roderick Ponce von Fontlebottom the Magnificent Bastard left the Jade Empire a broken man. His skills had failed him at the moment of greatest import, and he found it difficult to stomach his defeat, despite his grand capacity. Surely he had not lost as badly as he thought. Surely there was some explanation. Surely he still had something to teach this barbaric land. After much soul searching, he traded his last pair of pantaloons for passage to the Prosperous East, and he began the long journey home. It is said he eventually discovered the Fountain of Couth, and is now virtually unflappable. That or he was accidentally killed by the Black Whirlwind. It is hard to say; people seemed to lose interest. As for Percival, he tired of being called *cod6*Shirley*cod6* and returned to his village.
Discard the custom name?
Hold it right there. You didn't honestly think that I was going to let you just walk away with the bridge, did you? I knew you'd find it out here somewhere.
Destiny rewards the prudent. It is one thing to trust your prowess, but it's quite another to trust your heart. Now give me the bridge. It is useless to you.
You proved remarkably effective at clearing paths, and I was wise to trust your prowess. Now give me the bridge. It is useless to you.
Really? How very kind of you to be concerned. Your lies do not fool me! Give it here!
What are you talking about? Has acquiring this bridge driven you mad? Whatever, give it here!
You were following me?
How did you get past the ghosts?
Taking this might not be the wisest idea.
Not...entirely useless. Entertainment serves a purpose.
Take control of Prince Kin to defeat Death's Hand!
*cod2*Zou How grew up in a small fishing village in the south. His uncle was a great warrior, but he died when Zou How was still quite young. The young man longed to learn the ways of his uncle, but his parents did not want him to get involved in such a dangerous life. Despite their caution, Zou How used his uncle's incomplete journals and notes to teach himself how to fight, eventually creating his own techniques to fill in the blanks. His new style was eventually called Black Leopard Style, and it was one of the most formidable styles of his time.
Master Black Leopard
*cod2*By the time Zou How was twenty, he had already mastered his new style. Rather than leave his small home, he decided to start a school and have the students come to him. Word slowly spread throughout the south of a new master teaching a unique style. In time, the school became one of the most powerful in all the south, and Zou How soon became known as Master Black Leopard. Though he gained many eager students, Zou How never gave away all the secrets of Black Leopard Style, believing instead that his students should create for themselves a new style out of the basics, just as he had. Black Leopard Style died with Master Black Leopard, and no one since has been able to learn its deepest secrets.
The History of Flight Vol. 1
*cod2*The first person to attempt flight was Cao Shong, an early scholar who originally came from the Prosperous East. Though his ideas were creative, they were hardly sound. Cao Shong met an early end after he strapped several canisters of dragon powder to a bamboo chair and ignited it. It was at first rumored that he had survived the ill-fated mission, but few truly believe that anyone could have survived such a disastrous explosion. His death, however, was not completely in vain. Several of his writings were studied by later scholars, and some of his ideas were adapted for the first successful human flights.
Jade Empire Bestiary: Vol. 1
*cod2*Ogres*cod2**cod2*These curious beasts are not always as dangerous as their looks might imply. Those who confront one of these hulking monstrosities should treat them with caution, however, for despite the ogres' obvious skill at making weapons and armor, they are little more than wild animals. Although ogres are typically resistant to earth and air magic, fire and ice do significant damage to them, and weapons are usually effective against their thick hides.
The Way of the Lotus
*cod2*Many acolytes misinterpret the tenets of the Lotus Assassin order. Stated simply, there are no tenets save one: obedience. Some believe we preach strength over all, but one must be strong to even be considered for recruitment. We are assassins, not monks. Our order does not teach as much as act. Leave the teachings to the scholars in their wasteful garden. Our mandate is to serve the will of the Emperor through Death's Hand and Grand Inquisitor Jia. Because they demand strength, we give them strength. Because they demand cunning, we give them cunning. Most of all, they demand obedience, and so we give them obedience. To do otherwise would be to spit in the eyes of those who hold our spirits in their hands. Acolytes may create philosophical justifications for the lives they have chosen, but in the end, our masters' wills are the only truth and the only law we serve.
The Undeniable Fire
*cod2*Of all threats the young Jade Empire faced, the greatest was the barbarian warlord Zeng Sai. Titled *cod6*The Tree that Defies the Fire,*cod6* Zeng Sai managed to organize the barbaric Horselords into an efficient and deadly machine of warfare, conquering much of the lands to the west and north of the Empire before coming to bear on the borders of the Jade Empire itself. Zeng Sai, whose savagery denied even the great Wall built to keep his people out, led his hungry, maddened people to attack our fledgling Empire in a rabid attempt to destroy all that would become our advanced and prosperous civilization. *cod2**cod2*So vicious and deadly was Zeng Sai's attack that it roused the insular Spirit Monks from their temple in the Land of Howling Spirits to come to the Empire's aid. Left unconquered by the devouring Horselord army, the monks of Dirge stood alongside the Empire and, in a great battle recounted by sages, playwrights, and scholars around the known world, laid waste to Zeng Sai and his ravenous army of wild bowmen. With the help of the monks from Dirge, the Empire finally burned down the Tree that Defies the Fire, and our glorious land has never since faced so deadly a foe.
The Grand Inquisitor's Will
*cod2*In your obedience to Death's Hand, do not neglect to heed the complex demands of our mistress Jia, second in glory only to the Hand of Death himself. *cod2**cod2*Our mistress demands that all of her servants think clearly and completely in all that they do. She expects that all Lotus Assassins exercise their minds as thoroughly as they suppress the impulses of their hearts. As Grand Inquisitor, Mistress Jia knows all things that happen within the fortress and without. Not even the deepest secrets of the most remote places in the Empire escape her knowledge. *cod2**cod2*Mistress Jia demands that we be cunning, ruthless, and complete in our loyalty to her master and ours, Death's Hand. To disrespect her is to disrespect the Empire, the Emperor, and Death's Hand himself.\n
Tragedy in Tien's Landing
*cod2*Let the history of this town not be forgotten, for the water that defines our border covers ghosts of children. *cod2**cod2*Nearly two decades ago, just after the shining Emperor Sun brought water to the land again, Tien's Landing lay where the water now stands. Children played and people lived and worked in the peace that only the lands away from the bustle of the heart of the Empire can bring. When the Great Dam came, few believed that the Emperor would allow us to come to harm, but harm came in the form of water that covered our homes and buried our families. When the flooding came to an end, the town of Tien's Landing lay submerged beneath this new sea, where only ghosts and ruined homes could flourish.*cod2**cod2*Those who survived lived to rebuild, and Tien's Landing has come to prosper once again. Lest anyone here forget, however, we must always remember that our lives bend to the whims of the gods, the Emperor, and the decades-old machinery of the Great Dam.\n
The History of Flight Vol. 2
*cod2*The first known successful flight was made by Mad Fong. Though he had studied to become a scholar, he was kicked out of the school for destroying one of their buildings. Based on the history books, it is difficult to determine if Fong was a genius, or insane. Either way, his techniques were original and in the end, successful. Though his first several attempts were unsuccessful, he refused to give up. Despite the costs and the obvious danger to his own life, Fong persevered until he completed his first prototype flyer. The flyer didn't do much more than hop across the landscape, but it was a start. A year later, he was able to travel for nearly a mile before crashing, and unfortunately, dying, in the process.
*cod2*Several years after Mad Fong's first successful flight, a scholar from the south discovered the unusual device known simply as the Inscrutable Power Source. A few years later, Scholar Shu Wen came up with a design for a flyer that used this mysterious new device. Initial attempts bordered on apocalyptic, in one case destroying half of a mountainside and the village that lay below. Several scholars tried to outlaw the use of this strange new energy source, but Shu Wen continued his experiments until at last he was successful. Unfortunately, his prototype was too successful; both he and the flyer took off at great speeds toward the north, and neither was ever seen again.
The History of Flight Vol. 3
Jade Empire Bestiary: Vol. 2
*cod2*A Thought on Golems*cod2**cod2*Until recently, very little was known about golems; those few people skilled enough to craft golems keep their secrets carefully. Powerful and deadly foes, golems are feared throughout the Empire. Though their workings remain a mystery, there are several useful characteristics worth noting about these formidable opponents. These man-made beasts are immune to most types of magic. Their solid exteriors are best attacked with equally strong forces. Weapons and strength are the best ways to defeat these dangerous adversaries.
*cod2*The Dangers of Demons*cod2**cod2*The average person is never likely to come across one of these horrific beings. Demons are some of the most dangerous and malevolent beings in all of the Jade Empire. Though some demons are not evil, they are all powerful, and rarely can they be trusted. If confronted by a malicious demon, it is important to remember that they are usually immune to magic, especially the larger demons. You can successfully combat them with weapons and simple martial styles. Strangely enough, on those rare occasions when demons and ghosts were seen to tangle the strange magics used by the ghosts seem to affect these malevolent beasts.
The History of Flight Vol. 4
*cod2*Some time after Scholar Shu Wen and his prototype flyer disappeared, an apprentice from the Imperial City discovered the scholar's cryptic notes, detailing the use of the Inscrutable Power Source. The apprentice showed the information to his master, General Sung Tao. Sung Tao was an engineer before he joined the army, and he recognized the potential of the scholar's work. He convinced Emperor Sun Siwen to fund a project to develop a flyer for use in the army. The emperor agreed readily and after several months of trying the first true flyer was created. Within a year the skies near the Imperial Palace were filled with flyers. Though the safety of the new flyers was questionable, it didn't take long for others to adopt and improve upon the design.
I don't have the full amount. I'll repay you fully as soon as I can.
This is all the silver I have left. I'll repay you the rest as soon as I can.
I can't even return half of your silver. I spent it all already.
Cannibal Cookbook Vol. 1
*cod2*Valued Customer:*cod2**cod2*While we appreciate your business, the staff of the Heart of the Empire politely requests that you keep your nose out of ours. To assure that you will no longer wish to pry into our recipes, please enjoy this excerpt recently unearthed in the south.*cod2**cod2*Leg of Lam*cod2*This hearty meal was first discovered after Yu Lam the Hunter stumbled upon our community. For five to ten people, use just one leg (the other can be pickled for later or roasted slowly and smoked to preserve it). For larger groups, use both legs of an adult male or female. Boil the legs in a large pot for two hours with the following ingredients: twenty gallons of fresh water, three tablespoons of salt, half a cup of rosemary, three cups of spiced wine (summer wine is best if you can get it), three bags of onions, four whole garlic cloves, and a dash of ginger. When the legs have about half an hour left, add some skinned potatoes and leeks. Can be served on the bone or in steaks.*cod2**cod2*
Imperial Champions
*cod2*Gaze upon these words with reverence, for they offer some small slice of the history of the most glorious contest in the arena.*cod2**cod2*The Ravager:*cod2*Deadly, cold, and precise. The Ravager refuses to speak and shows no care for the crowd, but none can question his deadly strength. Wildly popular with the more bloodthirsty members of our crowd, the Ravager's rare fights are always sold out.*cod2**cod2*Raging Ox:*cod2*All of the Imperial City fondly remembers Raging Ox, our recently retired Imperial Champion. Quick with a smile and famous for his antics both in and out of the ring, Ox's legend will live many lifetimes.*cod2**cod2*Kai Lan the Serpent:*cod2*Kai Lan's phenomenal control over magic and his intense focus made him one of the greatest champions to grace the ring of the Imperial Arena. Cold and imperious, Kai Lan played to the crowd to cultivate a love/hate relationship that has persisted to this day.
*cod2*Gaze upon these words with reverence, for they offer some small slice of the history of the most glorious contest in the arena.*cod2**cod2**cod7*FullName*cod8*:*cod2*Let the true name of our newest champion be lauded across the Empire, for the champion's feats have preserved, and even restored, the honor of the Imperial Arena. Brilliant and deadly, our newest Imperial Champion truly deserves the title.*cod2**cod2*The Ravager:*cod2*None shall speak of this champion. The dishonor done to a thousand years of tradition by this creature will forever be a stain upon the fabric of our Empire.*cod2**cod2*Raging Ox:*cod2*All of the Imperial City fondly remembers Raging Ox, our recently retired Imperial Champion. Quick with a smile and famous for his antics both in and out of the ring, Ox's legend will live many lifetimes.*cod2**cod2*Kai Lan the Serpent:*cod2*Kai Lan's phenomenal control over magic and his intense focus made him one of the greatest champions to grace the ring of the Imperial Arena. Sadly, Kai Lan threw all this away for power, proving that the greatest fighters may still fail as warriors.
Quit the demo?
You are already in this area
The Ritual of Binding
*cod2*The ability to bind a spirit is one of the great honors that the Water Dragon has bestowed upon us. Therefore, we must always remember to treat this gift with the proper respect. When you bind a spirit, you become the guardian of that spirit. It is as though the spirit is your child. Though it is your duty to return the spirit to the Water Dragon for her judgment, until you give the spirit over to her, you are fully responsible for that spirit.*cod2**cod2*Since the spirit will obey your every command, you must always have the best interests of the spirit in mind while it is under your control. You must never command a spirit to do anything that might affect the Water Dragon's judgment of that spirit later on. And though it is the most common rule when binding spirits, I will repeat it again: Under no circumstances will you ever bind the spirit of a living person. Such acts are punishable by death and judgment at the hands of the Water Dragon herself.
Abbot Song's Journal
*cod2*Something is wrong. The Water Dragon won't speak of it openly, but I can sense that she is troubled by something. No one else suspects, not even her caretakers. But she is the Water Dragon, and if she wants us to know, surely she will tell us.*cod2**cod2*Still, the storm continues to grow. Last week, one of the fountain guardians actually left their post unattended. And there were more conflicts among the monks this past year than I care to recall. The storm is building strength, and it seems poised to strike right at the heart of Dirge. I cannot say for certain, but I believe the Spirit Monks, the whole Empire in fact, is in grave danger. I can only trust that Water Dragon also senses it, and is preparing for whatever may come.*cod2*
It took some doing, but I was finally able to teach a hard lesson to every country south of the Jade Empire. The countries didn't stay conquered for long, but that's the last time anybody from there will steal my wine!
Stand Your Ground
Stop all of Sun Li's troops as they try to overwhelm Dirge.
This one should be simple enough. Kill anything that moves, as long as it doesn't look like one of my companions or the bun man.
See the Imperial City.
Visit the Imperial City one day.
You always imagined arriving in the Imperial City under other circumstances, but at least you have finally seen it. More beautiful than you could have ever imagined, it also proved more dangerous. While you sometimes wish you could go back to Two Rivers and simpler times, you suspect none of you can ever really go home. Maybe after this is all finished.
Put Silk Fox in Her Place
Take the lead in the battle to hold the bridge and show Silk Fox that skill does not come from breeding alone.
You've lead Silk Fox down to aid Kang at the bridge. Her Highness tends to think of you as the clumsy farm girl; it's time to show her that you're made of sterner stuff than she thinks.
You talked with Silk Fox after defending the bridge and while she was... her usual self, she seemed impressed. Maybe she's not so bad after all.
Defend the Bridge and Protect Kang
Make sure Kang stays alive long enough to get the explosives set.
The bridge approaching Dirge is the only easy land route that can reach the temple. If we can hold it long enough as the vanguard of Emperor Li's forces arrive, Kang should be able to close off this route permanently.
You managed to hold the bridge long enough for Kang to destroy it. The troops massed against you will have a much harder time assaulting Dirge now. You've earned a second of breather if you wish to look around the area, but your friends await you at the temple.
Perhaps you can help me. Tell me more about Fang.
Return to the Temple
You should return to the temple quickly, though you have bought yourself a moment to explore this area if you wish.
Destroying the bridge has earned a moment, but little more. Make your way to the temple once you are done exploring this area.
The bridge has been destroyed, and you have bought time for the others inside. This area seems safe enough to explore for a moment, but you should make your way back to the Temple.
The Guild's presence can be felt all over the arena, even with its leader defeated in Tien's Landing.
The Black Leopard School is one of the finest martial arts schools in the Empire.
The true Black Leopard style is only fully known to one man, the master named Black Leopard, who took the style's secrets to his grave.
The Imperial City is the heart of Jade Empire culture and society, as well as the site of the Imperial Palace.
The people of the Imperial City are often isolated from the troubles of the outside Empire.
Citizens of the Imperial City often look down upon outsiders as simple and deprived people.
The Golden Way is home to the Empire's noble families and the source of much of Imperial high culture.
The politics of the Golden Way, much like its riches, rarely find their way to the commoners in the city at large.
The Lotus Assassin fortress was once meant to be the tomb of Emperor Sun Hai upon his death.
The Lotus Assassins espouse strength and power, but not as much as loyalty and obedience to Death's Hand.
Grand Inquisitor Jia is second only to Death's Hand in the Lotus Assassin hierarchy.
The Ministry of Harmony oversees taxation and keeping the peace within the Empire.
Gravedigger Shen buries the dead in the necropolis, despite their tendency to refuse to remain in their graves.
Some spirits remain behind in hopes of settling unfinished business. Resolving their problems can force them to disperse.
A grave plot in the necropolis can be pricey, but most people find it worth the price to find a good resting place for their loved ones.
The Scholars' Garden is a place of learning and of arguing. Some say it has more of the latter than of the former.
Philosophers concern themselves with the metaphysical, and scholars with the physical. They don't always agree.
Even in a place like the Scholars' Garden, you cannot be sure you're not being watched.
The majesty of the floating Imperial Palace must be seen to be believed.
The Imperial Palace has been home to the emperors of the Jade Empire for centuries.
To even set foot in the throne room of the Emperor is an honor afforded to very few.
Some of the most powerful people in the world have been refused entry to Emperor Sun Hai's throne room.
The ghosts of the Spirit Monks who died in the siege of Dirge wage eternal warfare against their ghostly invaders.
The monks of Dirge didn't stand a chance against the combined might of the Imperial Army and Sun Li's impeccable strategy.
With the Water Dragon's power waning, it is a simple matter for demons to conquer her realm.
Emperor Sun Hai sought to step beyond his station and steal the power of a god.
Dirge stands in ruins now, but it is alive with angry spirits.
With the last hope for the Empire slain, all seems lost.
Bull demons are among the most cruel and powerful of all demons. Their brutality makes other demons quake with fear.
When Dirge fell, so too did the Spirit Monk order.
There are things that live outside of the worlds of men and spirits. These things are horrible in form and in temperament.
The Celestial Bureaucracy has no power over creatures that live outside of its influence.
The Spirit Monks were custodians of powerful weapons and items, many of which are still hidden around Dirge.
The Lotus Assassins will stop at nothing to protect their new Emperor.
I'll help, but not for the silver. This town will be made stronger if it survives this crisis.
You seem guarded. Are people put off by your abilites?
It is always a good idea to level up as soon as you have enough experience points to do so. Otherwise you might fall behind, making the enemies more difficult in comparison.
If you're having trouble, make sure that you have spent all of your available Style Points and upgraded your styles.\n
This chain won't budge. You likely have to remove the other crystal from this furnace first.
50% Store
Absolute Dedication
More experience from human enemies*cod2*No power-ups from human enemies   *cod2**cod2*With proper focus on the techniques of your human enemies, you pick up lessons and moves that help you develop your own style. Your dedication to learning in combat is so absolute, however, that you have no time or attention to seek recovery during combat. Only continued study, and not respite in crisis, is important.
To the Temple Courtyard
Inner Courtyard
Upper Terrace
The Old Treasury
Outer Courtyard Gates
You certainly proved yourself last time I saw you, though you never did try the final dish. Would you like to try it all again? It will of course cost another 300 silver.
Warrior's Gem of Forethought
Scholar's Gem of Forethought
Monk's Gem of Forethought
Body +2*cod2*Lesser chance of Health power-ups*cod2**cod2*A battlefield is chaotic enough without leaving one's successes to chance. Some warriors prefer to rely upon solid and predictible strengths rather than the random chance of respite during battle. This gem strengthens the wearer's inherent physical abilities, taking away the warrior's reliance on fate to provide assistance.\n
Mind +2*cod2*Lesser chance of Focus power-ups*cod2**cod2*The concepts of mental focus and of distraction are mutually exclusive. Many believe that one cannot succeed in a mental capacity by always relying on the subtle whims of fate to fuel one's success. This gem enhances its wearer's inherent mental abilities while weaning the warrior from reliance on fate's fickle favor.\n
Spirit +2*cod2*Lesser chance of Chi power-ups*cod2**cod2*To some, being prepared for any situation is the very essence of wisdom. While the world rewards those who excel, many warriors find that relying upon these rewards can lead to laziness and recklessness in battle. Only be bolstering one's natural spirit can one truly master the art of shaping one's Chi. This gem strengthens its wielder's spiritual reserves, but it removes the temptation to rely on the untrustworthy whims of fate.\n
Lucky Hand
More silver from human enemies*cod2**cod2*When properly prepared, this gem plucks the silken strands of fate, gently placing small amounts of local currency in the pockets of the people within a certain distance of the wielder. Used in more innocent times to subtly bolster the wealth of the poor, these gems have fallen into misuse, and pickpockets now use it to pad the pouches of those from whom they steal.
Loutish Approval
Mother's Touch
Craftsman's Litany
Health +2*cod2**cod2*Few possess the nerve to stand up to a member of the Imperial family. Fewer still survive such impertinence. The fierce determination you showed when dealing with the Princess and her delicate entourage will serve you just as well on the battlefield.
Health +5*cod2*Chi +5*cod2**cod2*Despite their tiny stature, the cannibals of the Pilgrim's Rest Inn possess surprising strength and resiliance. Their connection with the ancient beast known as The Mother has made them strong, and they have rewarded your aid with a scroll that granted a light touch of the magic that affects them. There's no chance you will end up twisted like those creatures, but you do have occasional cravings for meat.
Focus +5*cod2**cod2*Many craftsmen repeat litanies in their heads while they work, the repetition helping them focus. A warrior who has learned the power of such exercises can adapt their medatative nature to the battlefield with much the same results.
Burning Essence
Mind +3*cod2*Spirit +3*cod2**cod2*Burning Essence channels elemental flame to sharpen the mind of its wearer and to strengthen the ability to channel chi. Unlike similar gems that channel elemental fire, this essence gem burns with all aspects of the flame, both creative and destructive. It may thus be used regardless of the wearer's philosophy.
Cyclone Gem
Damage Shield*cod2**cod2*Among the first monks who developed the Tempest style, there was one who began to question the Closed Fist tenets of his order. Ostracized from his ruthless order, the monk sought new ways to harness the wind without relying upon Closed-Fist chaos. By focusing his hatred for his old order into a handful of small stones, he managed to replicate the power of Tempest in those stones. A stone of this type surrounds the wearer in swirling winds that whip and tear at any who harm the stone's wielder.\n
You're lying. She said her father died when she was young.
Spirit Harvest
More XP from killing ghosts*cod2*No power-ups from killing ghosts*cod2**cod2*Those who hunt ghosts and wayward spirits often find that the knowledge gained from defeating ephemeral foes is more useful than the recouperative pockets of essence that they leave behind. This gem was created to assist the hunter in collecting and processing such knowledge, but it fuels this effect by devouring the small bits of power the defeated spirits leave behind.\n
Backroom
Perfect! I can use this to extend the range of the Marvelous Dragonfly.
Bone Splinter
Lesson's End
Communion of the Ocean
Chi +7*cod2*Health +7*cod2**cod2*The last remnants of the Emperor's invading force have been torn from the cycle of rebirth, and their spirits are lost for all time. Regardless of whether these soldiers deserved such a cruel fate or not, you have harnessed the tattered shreds of their spirits to your own purposes.
Focus +7*cod2*Chi +7*cod2**cod2*The last remnants of the Emperor's cursed army have dispersed from Dirge and yet you can still hear whispers of thanks on the winds. Far from a distraction, they serve as a reminder of the tasks ahead, and make it all the easier to steel your will.
Health +15*cod2**cod2*In the battle against the elder horse demon that followed you out of the gateway in Dirge, a splinter off of its leering skull-like visage became lodged under the skin of your forearm. It causes you no pain or irritation, and it seems that some measure of the magic that sustained the elder beast has come with it.
Focus +15*cod2**cod2*Was your battle against your fellow students just a dream, or was Master Li's growing power enough to summon something more real? Either way, since the moment when you defeated the last of your fellow students from Two Rivers your mind has felt clearer, aiding your ability to focus.
[TEM] +2 Health*cod2**cod2*You have mastered an old ritual of the Spirit Monks
Pages from the Tome of Release (5/5)
Mantra of Inspiration
The Journal of Abbot Song
Pages from the Tome of Release (2/5)
Pages from the Tome of Release (3/5)
Pages from the Tome of Release (4/5)
Beveled Cogs
Machined Cogs
This bundle of pages looks as if it were torn from one of the Spirit Monks' tomes. If you could find all of the missing pages, you might be able to reconstruct the original text.
These cogs are carefully engineered and made of a strange, and likely valuable, material. The gears still have traces of oil, suggesting that they were used, but signs of wear are visible. Either these cogs were part of a mechanism that worked with startling smoothness or their material is surprisingly durable.
Forget it, I'm not serious.
Shredded Book
Imperial Captain Ghost
Heavenly Gate Guardian Statue
Meditation Wheels
Improvised weapons like table legs and the like do surprising damage and don't drain Focus, but they only last a limited time.
Gujin's Favor
All Attacks Unblockable!
When you are ready, go to your tent to retire for the night.
Undo Upgrade
Replace:
Tang's Vengeance
Scroll Stand
Merchant Songow
Ah, it's you. Nice school you have here. Had some trouble with this swill-master, but as long as he keeps the wine flowing we'll be fine friends.
I never doubted that you would have the best servants and drink. Warriors like us deserve it, huh? The earnings of a stiff backhand!
Me? The Black Whirlwind sells his axes and fists to the highest bidder! Uh, prices are different depending on which axe, or if it's one or both.
Both fists cost the same, though I'd recommend the right to anyone that asked. You just let me know if there's anything you need done.
Or anyone. Done, I mean. *cod6*Done*cod6* means *cod6*dead,*cod6* see? Well, not at first. If they were dead to start there wouldn't be much for me to do.
Well, there was that time in the Necropolis but me and about four generations of mourners really want to forget that. Uh. I need more wine.
I never go looking, I just finish what other people start. Except wine casks. Those are pretty much all mine if the innkeep knows what's good for him.
Whatever you want. I'll keep your storehouse company until then. Don't want your students letting good drink go to waste.
Is it? Maybe I should get some of that. I've seen how well you fight. Like a tiger... uh... a starving one... that's been stepped on.
As long as there's no more yelling. It's bad for a student's health. Heh, I slapped two for looking at me. If there was yelling it could have been much worse.
Ah, like we agreed after you beat me in the arena, we don't want our common enemies to know we work together now.
Yes, best to play it cagey and keep them guessing. I'll drink to that!
Right. Cagey. I've got it. Uh, wink wink, heh.
Riiiiight. I get it. Cagey. Like a tiger. A caged one.
Ah, you again. When is the action going to start? I can only stand here drinking for so long. Wait, did I say that?
Uh, take your time. I'll help other ways. I'm almost done the dusty bottles. You know, you should give it away if you're not drinking it.
Seems like a waste to let wine get so old.
Enjoy your stay, but remind me what it is you do.
Just stay out of trouble.
I'll deal with you later.
Act with dignity! This is a school that teaches discipline!
I don't remember inviting you.
What do you plan to do here?
No, I really don't remember inviting you at all.
Uh, no, really, you weren't invited.
Fine, fine, what is it you do?
Hello, Mistress. What do you need? You have earned a good discount at any shop in the village.
No discounts!
Er, yes, perhaps he is not the best choice to send against some sharpie grifter.
Smart guys fall down too. I don't see what difference it makes.
You're a bit slow to the races, aren't you? I said I hit things. How many times do you have to go over it?
Eh, forgive me, Mistress, but this *is* only a demo. I am uncertain if your other followers currently have... heads.
Stinking Whirlwind has his head and doesn't use it! The others would be worse?
Please, wife, as a supporting comedic foil I have a good chance of surviving to a sequel. Don't enrage the drunken axeman.
It's early enough that my part could be replaced by *cod6*Henpecked Mo.*cod6*
Your followers have different strengths. Wisdom will tell you who is best for the task. Unfortunately only Whirlwind is available right now.
You'll have to come back later, Mistress. We must wait for the Black Whirlwind to return. These things take time.
You are too slow. You bring me shame.
Yes, thank you, wife, for your continued support. Like a helpful spirit, always there. Always.
Everyone knows how you sent Sagacious Lu to... ah... *cod6*negotiate*cod6* in the Shining Falls landowners' dispute. The farmers were wise to ask your help.
Now more produce will go to the people instead of being used as tribute to an overlord. I may even be able to reduce prices because of it.
Many people will profit because of you, Mistress. Your status has greatly improved in the eyes of the people.
As I've said, everyone is talking about how you helped the farmers of Shining Falls. I haven't heard of much else besides that.
No time for rumors! You have work to do!
(sigh) Yes, wife, thank you for reminding me that life and marriage are chores to be cherished.
Of course, Mistress. I await your return.
Back so soon, Mistress Wu? What can I do for you?
Yes, yes, thank you, wife. Such a gentle spirit. Leave me to business.
You know me, Mistress Wu. I manage the village based on your decisions. It is a temporary honor while Master Li is away.
I would much rather be a simple bunmaster, but we all must make sacrifices for the good of the village.
What sacrifice? I do all your work now!
I would help, wife, but the buns must wait. The buns... must wait.
Again? I'm sure there are better things for you to do. I don't want to bore you.
Forgive me, but I think my wife might disapprove of your... repeated interest in me.
No whispering!
(sigh) Yes, wife, thank you for your trust. A melodious wind from the Celestial Temple itself.
Ah, of course, you've probably heard of the trouble along the southern border. The farmers of Endless Fields require your advice.
A hawker has been swindling their money, claiming to sell medicines that let you live forever. He bullies them into buying.
This is a matter best handled by one of your followers. Just tell me who should be sent and I will ready supplies.
Er... at present only... only Whirlwind is available.
(Burp) That's *cod6*the Black Whirlwind*cod6* tap-monkey. Get it straight or ready your weapon.
Eh, yes, my mistake. The Black Whirlwind is ready, Mistress. I'm sorry, but he is all that we have right now.
I will point him in the right direction, and have a report ready when he returns. It may be several days.
A report? My results will be in the red of the river and the crying of their children! This trickster will steal no more!
Have the wine ready, I'll be back before dawn!
This... may not go well. I'll let you know when he comes back. Is there anything else? Maybe some buns?
Actions like these affect how you are seen by the people. It might improve trade or your social standing.
Not like you. Always the bunmaster, lower than low.
Yes, thank you, wife, for your... interesting opinion of my stability.
I will speak for myself. My greatest strength is... uh, strength. I hit things and they fall down. Repeat as necessary.
Why is he the only one ready to go?
Why would it matter who I send?
Is there any news that you know of?
I'm here about business.
Who is available for this task?
Very well. The Black Whirlwind will go to help them.
How will helping these farmers benefit me?
What strengths does the Black Whirlwind have?
Good day, Mistress. I hope you were able to sleep well last night. There was a howling wind that kept most of the students up.
It was... very strange, but I will try to not let it interfere with my duties.
This is not the season for such storms. I've also had some troubling dreams, and that wind blows right through them.
Yes Mistress.
Mistress Wu!
Mistress Wu, did you hear something? I'd swear the wind is picking up... and it's darker than it was a second ago.
It is just like the dreams. Just like....
What is happening... ?
You seem worried. What is your concern?
I will keep us safe. Return to your duties.
Worry later. Get back to your chores.
Very well. Go about your chores.
Sort
You must gather your party before venturing forth.
You must rest before venturing forth.
[You feel a sense of calm as you meditate, listening to the water of the dragon font and the quiet revolutions of the wheel.]
[Spin the meditation wheels.]
So many are gone, but not all. What did we do to deserve this curse? Must we fight for all eternity?
You did this, Spirit Monk! We will not rest until your kind are wiped out!
Obviously, I've turned this beach into a grand meditation garden where the contemplative mind can see the pathways of the future in the lay of the sand.
Or maybe it's just something to keep me busy. At my age you need a purpose or you just fade away.
I have to ask, why are you sweeping the beach?
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Friends in High Places
Chi +5*cod2*Intuition +2*cod2**cod2*You helped Princess Sun Lian see that her father is behind the Empire's troubles. Whatever happens, you will always have an ally in court, an asset that cannot help but buoy your spirit.
Explore Controller Setup
Use
A yellow arrow icon will appear on the left side of the screen when you have enough experience points to level up. Come to the Character Record and click on your character to level up.
Minimap
Focus Run
Heavenly Wave is a Support style that slows your foe but deals no damage. Use your Fight Style keys to switch to your other style.
Tumble
I don't care about him. Lord Yun sent me here to help you.
Kai Lan's Stash
[Failed] You have learned much about your heritage as a Spirit Monk, but you missed the most important lesson. They are all dead! Their skill did not save them.
[Intuition] You trained me! Would I fall to someone I have already defeated? I am a Spirit Monk!
[Using this new set of cogs, you repair two more wheels. Five of them will now spin.]
[Meditate upon the Mantra of Inspiration.]
[Leave the wheels alone.]
[This shrine is dedicated to Mah Tsung, the Water's Source, one of the first Spirit Monks.]
[You start the mental preparation for the ritual to release the spirits of the cursed imperial guards and allow them to find peace.]
[As you focus the magic inherent to the Spirit Monks upon the shrine, you feel your senses expand. You feel the relief of the Imperial Soldiers all across Dirge.]
[As you clear your thoughts in contemplation of the Spirit Monk, you feel calmer.]
[Perform the ritual from the Tome of Release.]
[Complete the ritual.]
[Stop the ritual.]
[Meditate in front of the shrine.]
[A huge shrine dedicated to the Heavenly Gate Guardians stands here. The order of demons to which Chai Ka belongs, Gate Guardians protect the border between the worlds.]
[You start your mental preparation for the ritual that will sever the spirits of the cursed imperial soldiers from the Wheel of Life.]
[You channel the magic of the Spirit Monks into the statue. Your senses expand, and you can feel the souls of the cursed soldiers shredding under your influence.]
[Your meditations leave you feeling more focused.]
[Meditate in front of the statue.]
[Leave the shrine alone.]
I am worried for Dawn Star, but I share Master Li's confidence that you will find her. Is there anything I can offer that will help you find her?
Very good, another victory well earned. Is there anything else you would like?
Wildflower
Hone the discord in your soul, living one, and may the Way of the Closed Fist always bring you strength.
You will be forgotten!
I am your death!
No escape!
Die and be gone!
I am restored, of course.
You dare corrupt me with poison?
Your flesh is weak!
Hi, I'm Sagacious Zu and I play the part of the conflicted antihero.
Yes, hello. I'm Dawn Star, and I play the childhood friend.
Spiritual Sacrifice
Chi -10*cod2**cod2*Your sacrifice for Mad Wen's daughter left a small hole in your spiritual potential, and you can feel the loss of energy whenever you exert yourself magically. Somewhere, a little girl walks free and alive because you were selfless, and the tiny dent in your chi is a constant reminder that anything worthwhile is worth the sacrifice.\n
You won't get any help from me.
Kang's Second Mission
Kang's First Mission
Returning Home
Spirit Journey
Escort the Prefect
A Test for Hin Goo
Rescue Mission
The Battle of Dirge
Encounter in the skies #1
Mission 10
Mission 11
Mission 12
Leaving the Town
You are out of Chi. Switching to the Spirit Thief style will allow you to drain energy from your foes with each strike.
[You can see where the cogs you found would fit in the wheels' mechanism.]
Not today. We're done practicing for now.
STARTING STYLE #1*cod2*
STARTING STYLE #2*cod2*
Gain the Favor of the Lotus Inquisitor
You reported your actions regarding Sheng's report to the Lotus Assassin Inquisitor recruiter. He was impressed with your handling of the situation, and accepted you as an Inquisitor recruit.
Explain Your Failure to the Lotus Inquisitor
You reported your actions regarding Sheng's report to the Lotus Assassin Inquisitor recruiter. He did not find your blunt methods appropriate for an Inquisitor. You may be more suited to the goals of the Executioner in the arena.
A noble sentiment, but one I respectfully fear will do little to help us.
I thank you for your concern. Most people only look out for themselves in days such as these.
What good would running do? Why not find yourself a solution?
Do you think things will be any better if you leave town?
So you take the coward's path into worse dangers?
[Most of the wheels are undamaged, but many parts of the mechanism that connected them have been removed or damaged.]
[Success] [It's hard work, but you find enough replacement parts to make one of the wheels spin freely.]
[The wheels refuse to budge. The damage to the mechanism that connects them is too severe. You must find some way to replace the broken and missing parts.]
[Using the cogs you found earlier, you can partially repair the gearing that connects the wheels. From the looks of it, three of them should spin freely now.]
[Using both sets of cogs to do your repairs, you repair five of the wheels.]
[The meditation wheels rest here quietly. One of them functions now, thanks to your feat of emergency engineering.]
[Using the spare cogs you found, you restore an additional two wheels. Three of them can now spin.]
[Using the spare cogs, you repair five of the wheels.]
[The wheel spins smoothly and almost noiselessly. Such wheels often help focus the mind during meditation.]
[The meditation wheels rest here quietly. Thanks to your repairs, three of them will spin again.]
[The meditation wheels rest here quietly. Thanks to your repairs, five of them will spin again. You think that repairing the others could take months.]
[Examine the wheel mechanism.]
[Scavenge parts to repair what you can.]
[Try to repair the wheels with the cogs you found.]
[Use the spare cogs you found to further repair the system.]
[Spin the functional wheel.]
[Install the other set of cogs.]
We were beaten. All around me, my fellow Spirit Monks were dying.
I tried to hold the attackers at bay. Prince Kin attacked me.
A criminal, bandit, murderer, and worse, but those who've seen her fight remember the tears in her eyes as keenly as the blood on her blade. Most unusual.
Hmm, I can't see how Yukong slipped past us. Did he bribe one of my agents somehow? Well, the Imperial Army has more silver than some confidence man, if you take my meaning?
Her dark power has twisted the innfolk into monsters that crave the flesh of humans. Cannibals.
Illusion. The Mother is powerful and she had taught some of her magic to her *cod6*children.*cod6* Far more intelligent than his brethren, the Keeper has woven spells to confuse the eye.
Think a moment about the inn. How have they been surviving? Why did they not flee? Why do the ghosts not attack them?
Finally. look to the demons that attack my home; were I behind this all, would I lay siege to my own domain? Surely the picture cannot paint itself more fully for you.
The Mother is a beast. A primal force of an ancient hunger. You know the Water Dragon is dead, and you have heard that Emperor Sun took her power.
Without the Water Dragon, the ghosts of your dead are denied their rest. The Mother's return is simply another symptom of a problem that affects all of your empire.
She has been here longer than your Empire, human. This forest has held two spirits for longer than history can remember. It is the way of my kind.
When we are tied to your world, as I am to the forest, there is a dark side to match the light. Usually one side will be dominant, but even in broad daylight there are shadows.
Her corruption affects the trees as surely as it does the inn. She is a foul creature, and this is not the first time the trees have sickened due to her influence.
Think about what you have seen at the inn. Now remember what happened at the bridge. There was purpose in the attack.\n
Just before you destroyed them, yes. But the task is not complete, human. Not at all.
The attack at the bridge served two purposes. First, it made you unsure; your mind was uncertain and, thus, sharper. Your search for answers revealed the cannibals to you.
Second, the attack made sure you would be standing here before me. Revenge, anger, confusion, compassion: whatever your motivation, you could not help but chase me down.
You know the Water Dragon is missing, and that your world fills with the spirits of the dead, but this forest has illustrated what that really *means.*
The Mother's awakening and her spreading corruption is just a beginning. One of many that happen all over your empire. You do not want to see the end.
*You* must restore the Water Dragon. Since you entered my forest, Spirit Monk, I have felt the essence of your Mistress. The Water Dragon's touch is upon you, and it is recent.
A woman in blue? She would often appear in such a guise, yes. The form of a celestial dragon can be intimidating, especially....
Deny your role if you wish, your heritage remains unchanged.
Reach out, human. Do you feel nothing? A female spirit, blue like the waters themselves....
She is still alive, but in great pain. I knew it. Dead gods grant no miracles, and no emperor can summon endless water.
You are the one the Water Dragon has chosen to restore the balance, Spirit Monk. Your Mistress calls on you.
Now that I am sure of your role in things, it is all the more vital you choose which fork in the road you will take.
I could not see or hear her, human. Only you seem close enough to pick the whispers from the air. All I could catch was a scent, but it was one I knew well. I know what you must do now.
You need to make your way to the Imperial City, and I know Lord Yun holds a wind map you must have. He will only be satisfied if you *cod6*cure*cod6* the forest, as he understands it.
And so, the choice: will you attempt to destroy me and tell Yun that I was behind the corruption of his land? Or will you brave the more dangerous road and face the Mother?
Had I acted sooner, I would have been able to crush her easily, but she is insidious. Her corruption spread slowly until it suddenly erupted like a fungal bloom.
Now the forest is in a delicate balance. She is not yet strong enough to destroy me, but I find myself in the same situation. You could tip that balance.
And leave my forest sickened and twisted? In you I have the chance to enlist the aid of one human who might be able to tip the scales.
I would rather die than give up this opportunity... which, I'm sure you're thinking, is exactly the issue at hand.
I do not think you will win, human. I am not as strong as I was, but I am still more than your match. I also know that decisions made by you could have sweeping effects.
If you are the type who would attempt to destroy me out of convenience, or just sheer malice, I have no choice but to stop you here and now.
I'm all ears, human.
There are caves beneath the Pilgrim's Rest. They are infested with cannibals, and the creatures work tirelessly to free their mistress.
For all their diggings they will not completely free her until I am destroyed... or until I release her. And that is exactly what I plan to do.
You must go to the Pilgrim's Rest. I will release the seal on the door beneath the inn so that you may enter her lair.
You have already seen the corruption firsthand. There will be many more of her *cod6*children*cod6* below, closer to her lair.
The people of the inn are her followers now, and they are nothing more than cannibalistic monsters. They will know that we have allied, and you will have to face them.
Individually, these cannibals are not exceptionally strong or skilled, but they are fast, and they attack in groups.
Inside that place, at the back, you will find a lift descends to what was once a storage area. Once I release the seal on the Mother's trap, many more caves will open.
Her followers have been most prodigious in their work to free her. The hill is riddled with caves and tunnels that connect to the old mine workings at the hill's base.
Once the seal is broken, I will not be able to close it again. You must not fail.
You will find a way to defeat the Mother, and you will survive. You must. I will find you after she is dead.
You think I will prove the easier opponent, human? The Mother's corrruption has weakened me, but not so much that I will fall to the likes of you.
How quick, how efficient. Did your Emperor reassure himself with such platitudes when he stole the power of the Water Dragon?
You challenge powers beyond your station, human! How your empire does not buckle under the weight of such arrogance I will never know.
You will not win this fight, human. I cannot allow it. My strength is all that traps the Mother in the caves beneath the inn. If I die, she will be free soon after.
The Water Dragon may have her hopes invested in you, but I cannot lose my forest to that abomination. Come, follow me to lowest of my islands, if you can!
You have come, following the path I laid down for you. But now you have reached the fork and must make your own choices. I will try to help you in this.\n
I am the Forest Shadow - I will help you understand the significance of what happens in my forest. And then I shall be most intrigued to see which fork you choose to take.
I am well aware of the glittering prizes that have been placed before you by Lord Yun and the Innkeeper. But you would be wise to listen to my words so you will understand.
You were attacked at the bridge by a mad fox spirit. The spirit tried to kill you, yet you fought her off. You survived because I had no intention of harming you.
I hoped to confuse you, to force you to question what was truly happening in this forest. You need to understand.
The man on the bridge was from the inn. He was no longer human, despite the illusion that concealed him. I couldn't risk that he would find a way out of the forest.
They hate me because I oppose the creature they serve. All of the people in the inn are... corrupt. They cloak themselves in spells to conceal the horrors they have become.
Ah, the hunter. He is a true soul. But while he may suspect, he knows nothing of the corruption in the inn. He knows nothing of the real reason my forest suffers.
I have no doubt he would be an ally if I called, but he does not possess your skills. He cannot deal with creatures that cloak themselves in human guises in the Pilgrim's Rest.
The people of the Pilgrim's Rest have become inhuman beasts, corrupted by an ancient demon known as the Mother.
The Mother was awoken by the rage of the spirits of the dead. Those denied passage to the underworld with the death of the Water Dragon. She feeds on their anger.
At least we're even. I tend not to trust people or spirits who ambush me.
Give your pet a peanut and tell him to be quiet, will you?
What *cod6*fork*cod6* are you talking about?
Why did you attack me in the forest?
There's two rich rewards on your head, fox. Being cryptic won't save you.
Your death earns me Lord Yun's wind map, fox. Being cryptic won't save you.
Why did you kill the man I met on the bridge?
Why do the people in the inn hate you so much?
Why didn't you attack Spear Catches Leaf? Why me?
Enough mysterious hints. What's really happening in the inn?
What *is* really going on here?
How can I know you're not lying? The people in the inn looked human to me!
How can she feed on anger of spirits?
Where did this demon come from?
Should I believe that this demon is responsible for the forest too?
So why am *I* so important?
The man at the bridge was one of the cannibals. Were you trying to warn me?
This must have something to do with the cannibals.
The cannibals at the Pilgrim's Rest were smug like this, too.
How could you be certain I'd come here?
It's time to put all the pieces on the board, fox. What makes me so important?
I have been having visions of a spirit in blue, could that be her?
The Water Dragon is not my mistress. I'm not a Spirit Monk.
Why me? Why doesn't she ask you for help?
Can you explain anything the Water Dragon said? She speaks in riddles.
Why don't you just destroy the Mother yourself?
Couldn't you just tell Yun to give me the wind map?
You seem awfully calm about what could be your impending death.
I have already made my decision.
The mother must be destroyed. How can I find her?
What will I face there?
Where is the entrance to the Mother's lair?
That's all I need to know to face her.
I will make my way to the inn immediately.
I want to ask some more about you and this forest before I go.
I'll make your death swift, fox.
I just need a wind map. If you'd helped me with that, it wouldn't come to this.
This forest has had enough interference. I will destroy both of you and be done.
If you were strong enough to keep your forest pure, I wouldn't have to eliminate you.
[The ritual complete, you draw what remains of the soldiers' spirits into yourself. For a moment you feel their pain and loss, but soon even that passes.]
[You cease your mental preparation.]
[You step away from the shrine.]
[Feeling slightly drained, you release the chi you were channeling, confident that the soldiers have found peace.]
[You release the chi you were preparing to channel, and step away from the shrine.]
It's a rare variant of a staff called a monk's spade, but more than that, I believe this particular one to be called Tien's Justice.
You know, I have never asked him. Something about his expression whenever he speaks of it suggests to me that it's best if no one asks.
I certainly don't think he was ever a monk. Perhaps an order gave it to him as a gift for some great deed. It's hard to say.
All I know is that thinking of this staff seems to bother your Master. Don't pester him about it. Seeing you finally use it will be enough for him, I think.
There's no need to thank me. I've just held on to it for you. Of course, that's not all. Master Li also asked that I give you this: Fortune's Favorite.
Settle yourself. I didn't say I was finished. Your Master is a resourceful man. He also wanted me to give you this: Fortune's Favorite.
This long sword is said to be crafted by Shining Fortune, the blacksmith of the gods himself. One look tells you its clearly no normal blade.
I don't know where Master Li came across something so stunning, but he asked that I give it to you when the time came.
I know you are ready for the real thing. Master Li trained you well. I'm glad to help you with this.
Ah, I've been away from the battlefield for too long, and I'm wasting your time. Go make sure the rest of the town is ready for those bandits.
Calm down, student. At my age, you don't get upset about the occasional interruption. What has you so flustered?
I wish I'd looked to see what he was dragging. That couldn't have been Dawn Star? He was heading toward the gate. Maybe you can catch him!
There are some fields nearby, but the only place he could get to on foot is the swamp.
He's a fool if he's headed that way. That bog is full of bandits and who knows what else.
Gao must have made his way through the gate.
As I said, if he's headed for the swamp, he's a fool. There's nothing but bandits and beasts in that direction.
You know you came here with Master Li as just a babe. He brought a most ancient staff with him, and I have held onto it for this day.
What exactly is a monk's spade?
Why is it called Tien's Justice?
Where did Master Li find this staff?
Thank you for this, Gujin.
I don't want to use a staff. You have no other weapon?
Portal to Heaven
[At some point, possibly after the Emperor's men took Dirge, the mechanism was dismantled. Several parts are missing.]
[The gearing doesn't look that complex, though. You may be able to scavenge enough parts to repair some of the gearing.]
[The repaired wheels spin smoothly and almost noiselessly. Such wheels often help focus the mind during meditation.]
[You step away from the meditation wheels.]
[The damage to the other three wheels is more extensive than you can repair, and you doubt you can restore the system any more than you have.]
[You feel more centered, though something tells you that the effect would have been stronger if had repaired more of the wheels.]
[You feel centered, though something tells you that the effect would have been stronger if you had repaired more of the wheels.]
[You feel centered and relaxed. You are certain you have gained all you can from meditating with these wheels.]
[You take a moment and meditate before the wheels.]
[While the process helps you center yourself, you have a sense that if you knew the right mantra, your meditations might be more effective.]
[Meditate near the wheels.]
Don't GO!
[You can no longer use the machine. It appears to be broken.]
Complete the Ritual of Seasons
The crystal you retrieved must be placed in the pedestal at the temple, and then it falls to you to determine how to complete the ritual. Summer and winter are somehow key to the ritual, and Spear Catches Leaf left you with this rhyme, *cod6*winter skies are crisp and blue, while the fields of spring are green. Summer's heat is burning red, while in autumn, yellow leaves are seen.*cod6*
You have retrieved the missing temple crystal from the Pilgrim's Rest Inn and brought it back to Spear Catches Leaf. Now it falls to you to complete the Ritual of Seasons at that temple in the hopes of finding the elusive Forest Shadow and ultimately a cure for the forest.
Enter the Portal
The portal you opened might lead you to the Forest Shadow. See if you can track down the elusive fox spirit.
While Lord Yun's wind map will eventually take you to the Imperial City, it seems retrieving it will take you considerably farther. Completing the Ritual of Seasons has opened a portal in the inner sanctum of the Forest Shadow's temple.
It is especially useful when enemies are immune to basic martial attacks, when you *must* use magic or weapons. It can even immobilize a foe, allowing time to recover even more.
This short lesson should be enough for now. Come, speak with me in the teahouse. We will talk of your master... and more.
It is especially useful when enemies are immune to basic martial attacks, when you *must* use magic or weapons. Use it carefully and you will always be at your best.
It can even immobilize a foe, allowing more time to recover. A threadbare description, I know, but it will have to do. Speak to me in the teahouse. There is much more to discuss.
Use it carefully and you will always be at your best. A threadbare description, I know, but it will have to do. Speak to me in the teahouse. There is much more to discuss.
Everything I say is at the behest of your master. These lessons were withheld so you would be ready for the attention they will bring. I must train you in Spirit Thief.
Zu is an honorable man. Not a good man, perhaps, but an honorable one. Now, to my lesson; it should not take long to train you in the style I was ordered to grant.
Before we go any further, I must impart some training. Many dangers lie ahead, and you must have the proper skills at hand. I will teach you Spirit Thief.
It is time to continue your lessons, and I am honored to add to the basics that Sun Li instilled. It should not take long to train you in the style I was ordered to grant.
You are wise to ask, it is a difficult but essential skill to master.
Spirit Thief is always useful. It is common to get rundown or injured during battle, and you can tire yourself even further concentrating your chi to aid yourself.
When you are feeling such a drain on your resources, switch to Spirit Thief and each successful blow will restore you slightly. The drain will not hamper your opponent, however.
If you power through an opponent's guard with its strongest attack, it can briefly immobilize an enemy. During this you can concentrate and increase the restoration.
If you use that time to attack with another style, be careful. Your opponent may not be as vulnerable as they seem, and one must never be overconfident of victory.
Spirit Thief does no damage to your opponent. Each successful hit instead restores your chi and focus a small amount. This allows you to continually make use of other abilities.
Magic and Weapon styles tax you, wear you down, as does concentrating your chi to heal. Use Spirit Thief to restore yourself and stay at your best almost indefinitely.
Spirit Thief does no damage to your opponent. Each successful hit instead restores your chi a small amount. This allows you to continually make use of other abilities.
Magic styles tax you, wear you down, as does concentrating your chi to heal. Use Spirit Thief to restore yourself and stay at your best almost indefinitely.
Spirit Thief does no damage to your opponent. Each successful hit instead restores you by a small amount. This allows you to continually make use of other abilities.
Using special abilities can tax you, wear you down. Use Spirit Thief to restore yourself and you can stay at your best almost indefinitely.
When should I switch to Spirit Thief?
Do you have a favorite tactic you could share?
Go over the basics of it again.
Hear Message
The dissenters I locked up; bring them forward.
Is that how Sun Kin was bound to Li's armor? Does it have that kind of power?
The Righteous Siege
*cod2*A vague account of the attack on the Spirit Monks of Dirge that maintains Sun Li and Sun Kin died in the assault. Despite obvious bias, some passages hint at the bloody actions that tormented Sagacious Zu:*cod2**cod2**cod6*Days turned to weeks as denial of the Emperor's authority continued. The gates of the fortress did not yield until cowards within were convinced to turn on their fellows. Victory was as inevitable as the tide, but losses were felt. Two brothers were claimed by crimes that remain unspoken, lest the heart of the Empire break with the telling. Death's Hand rose in their stead, to serve while Sun Hai returned life to the withered land. In the weeks that followed, the price of disloyalty was made clear to those in and out of the Emperor's honored grasp. A difficult time full of changes that not all would accept, but necessary cruelties ensured that no one in the Jade Empire would ever go thirsty again.*cod6*
I would make the payment, but I don't have the silver.
You met Scholar Six Heavens in Tien's Landing, and he made it clear that he needs assistance. He does not, however, want *your* aid, as he felt you were too much a follower of the Way of the Open Palm when you first met him.
The Gambler's Favor
Jump to throne.
Movie Monkey
I better sober you up!
He had too much, his guard sobered him up. Let's start again.
Unh!
Jump to movie monkey.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage over Basic Staff Style*cod2**cod2*As an artifact weapon, Flawless will replace less powerful staves when purchased.*cod2**cod2*Forged under an auspicious comet, this staff was originally a gift for the Water Spirit of the Silkworm River. A young prince named Seng Lo sought to win the heart of the Water Spirit and had the staff created as a gift. He then convinced the Great Eastern Serpent to fly him to the heavens, where he dipped the staff in the golden comet. The light of the comet dimmed, but the staff became more powerful than any before it. To this day no one knows if Seng Lo won the Water Spirit's heart, but there is no questioning the magnificence of the staff he created.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Sword Style*cod2**cod2*As an artifact weapon, the Dragon Sword will replace less powerful swords when purchased.*cod2**cod2*Before his departure to the unknown, the Celestial Dragon crafted the first true warrior, Lu Fang. Though Lu Fang's fists were stronger and quicker than any blade, the Celestial Dragon forged the Dragon Sword to give the warrior a weapon worthy of his skill. Hard as dragon scales and sharp as a dragon's tooth, it is still one of the most formidable swords in the Empire.
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +25% Damage Over Basic Staff Style*cod2**cod2*As an artifact weapon, Flawless will replace less powerful staves when purchased.*cod2**cod2*The scrolls of Peng Qi contain the story of a monk who shaped a flawless staff using only swatches of silk. At first, the silk did nothing but polish the rough wood, but after thirty-four years the staff was perfectly smooth, straight, and flawless. After finishing the staff, the monk told his abbot he was going for a walk to test his new staff, and he never returned. An exiled warrior eventually discovered the staff and attached a sharp blade that is every bit as perfect as the staff itself. It has since been adorned with precious metals, but it remains as flawless as ever.
Inside the crate, you find a massive stack of receipts, each one detailing the various members of the Ministry of Harmony who have taken a slice of Judge Fang's *cod6*tribute.*cod6* Apparently, Sheng had to grease a lot of palms before being allowed to give his report to Judge Fang. You have a feeling the pittance remaining would have been just enough to make absolutely certain Sheng stayed in Tien's Landing for the rest of his life.
The others are bound with your power. No doubt you will force a fight. I am ready.
You could break my bind of the others but I sustain Death's Hand. He does as I command.
Emperor Sun Hai awaits in the throne room. He must be made to answer for the chaos he has unleashed.
The Height of Power
Seek the Emperor
It is time to confront Emperor Sun Hai. Seek him in the throne room.
You have taken your grievances to the Emperor himself. Everything is about to change.
Give Improvement
Improvement Down
Improvement Up
Official Document
Encounter in the skies #2
Encounter in the skies #3
Encounter in the skies #4
Murdered
I've been to the dam; it's broken and will never close.
Ai Ling is dead and Lan has called off the wedding with Baker Bei. Not bad for a day's work.
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Chai Ka, come with me!
Li wastes my time! Hold these fools here! Ya Zhen, come with me!
No one is safe while Li has power. Hold them so I can move on.
Li wastes my time! Hold them while I deal with my *cod6*Master.*cod6*
Destroy all enemies to free Hin Goo's associate
bridge movie
You will have to experiment with which moves can begin the combination, but it should be clear enough when you have succeeded.
You must switch quickly to a martial style, and perform its strongest attack. The thing is that you must be quick.
If you fail to press the attack, the resonance will fade and you will miss your opportunity.
You think I tell you this so you can make new friends or impress the boys? Of course there's a point!
You think I tell you this so you can look flashy and impress the girls? Of course there's a point!
Harmonic combinations are a deadly technique. Though well trained warriors will rarely be affected, foes unprepared for these attacks will be obliterated by your finishing strike.\n
Is it said that a specific element of your foe's essence will be left behind based on your choice of combinations. I leave it to you to discover more of such things.
Good, a game awaits! Unless some other question rails against the bars of your mind for release?
That's all I wanted to know about Yi.
Could I ask you some questions about your teachings?
You mentioned teaching harmonic combinations to Mistress Vo.
How do I start one of these harmonic combinations?
Once begun, how do I finish a combination?
Is there any point to performing a harmonic combination?
That's all I wanted to know about this. Tell me more about Tempest.
That's enough about your teachings.
Leaving the Workshop
Take the Marvelous Dragonfly back to Tien's Landing
Burning Kangji
Bruiser Weian
Glowing Xiuhuan
Wooden Fist Baiwei
Heartbreaker Jusheng
Wild Yinghao
Outstretched Weiliang
Gossamer Junqing
Beaming Jianyi
Constant Weiming
Steel Tingxiu
Stubborn Songli
Prosperous Daijiang
Honorable Yaoshan
Yu Xinrong
Fang Chenggui
Zhang Defu
Zhang Zifu
Liu Zingcai
Poisonous Yuping
Hurricane Tantong
Terrible Tanbo
Pacific Zijing
Falcon Shuntong
Wu Shiping
Wu Desheng
Sturdy Yiheng
Iron Lidan
Hammer Hengli
Durable Dushun
Loner Chifang
Endless Yizhen
Immovable Ziwei
Shadow Jianwei
Horrible Hongli
Studious Zicheng
Dragon Yunlong
Mountain Huaying
Flowing Changliu
Golden Sun Xiangyu
Baoyu the Rat
Dynamic Mingzu
Wicked Weihan
Striking Daozhan
Stone Dongcai
Vigorous Hongtu
Viper Zaihao
Slithering Shenzhi
Weitai the Wall
Philosopher Haoxing
Shameless Shaolan
Wise Caiying
Dongxi the Open Book
Crushing Ouchao
Burning Dadan
Taolang the Inferno
Silver Breeze Cheng
Howling Haolun
Scorpion Shanrui
Unstoppable Kenzhi
Pillar Gangjin
Warming Fire Bingzhi
Commanding Qishi
Unbreakable Jianyi
Angry Fuhan
Flying Hongxiang
Stubborn Kailang
Tumbling Taolan
Loud Baozhi
Studious Keling
The Emperor ascended unopposed, but already Sun Li and Prince Kin plotted against him. The Glorious Strategist was not content to watch his brother come to power.\n
Gaoli the Edged Mind
Leaping Fenyang
Hardened Heart Zian
Lightning Cho
Slick Leng
Stonefist Tang Geng
Guardian Zeng Ji
Deep Water Rikun
Ponderous Zeng Shu
Relentless Fenyang
Red Phoenix Dejun
Willful Shangde
Enduring Daozhan
Raging Weidao
Stormcloud Jilun
Typhoon Shouxin
Razor Renchang
Thundering Chicheng
Shattering Cixian
Blazing Yanghe
Merciless Mengshan
Gargantuan Muyou
Vile Tongyi
Explosive Zhengqi
Confident Hoaqi
Imperious Gaocheng
Bruiser Jisheng
Shadowhand Zaishi
Silken Fangting
Sparkling Miaoyu
Lilting Jingwan
Graceful Jiangwu
Phoenix Caifeng
Orchid Lanzhi
Nimble Lingbo
Virtuous Binglie
Snow Bailian
Flowing Xiuwen
Hopeful Yuye
Thriving Baozhen
Noble Yinfei
Golden Sand Yinwan
Cunning Peiyu
Spiritual Antian
Harmonious Yinping
Lin Hanmei
Bright Anyu
Sacred Meining
Anyu the Calm Sea
Yishi the Iron Mind
Unbendable Liyan
Splintered Xianli
Dragon Longfei
Beautiful Meiyi
Mighty Songshan
Shimmering Suyuan
Shifting Peihai
Golden Ganyi
Pure Meishan
Cooling Breeze Shuyi
Heartbreaker Meiyi
Lioness Lingzi
Prowling Peimei
Golden Rose Baimei
Talented Wenxia
Vibrant Huimin
Rising Juxiao
Scholar Meidi
Poet Shiyi
Fallen Leaf Meikai
Stalker Baifang
Venomous Anyi
Panther Pinmei
Sweet Mulin
Falling Tree Shufei
Dancing Jieling
Flowering Gulan
Morning Mist Hanrui
Charming Yifu
Clever Keyi
Feiyi the Woven Cord
Little Jifeng
Confident Mai Ling
Smiling Fox Ming Yue
Striking Yanfei
Lifting Wind Pai Zin
Pious Mei Hun
Scarlet Dusk Li Feng
Shadow Peiyan
Thorned Rose Shanpan
Whirling Aiwei
Boxer Muyue
Misty Meifang
Playful Yinxiu
Crashing Yaxue
Thoughtful Yezi
Silent Wuyin
Silent Lingping
Invincible Chunlan
Peerless Yimei
Mystical Tianmei
Shameless Jiaying
Swan Fuquan
Mindful Minyi
Fleeting Yanhong
Driven Mumin
Icy Yaling
Iron Thorn Lingdi
Nefarious Congyan
Exotic Junyi
MantisHeyun
Stunning Miaochu
Wicked Shuxiang
Tempting Jiayin
Dangerous Meichun
Deadly Biwan
Illustrious Shiling
Loner Fangjie
Ravishing Baifu
Swift Meimei
Lively Kaigui
Crafty Hemei
Adept Peihong
Ferocious Huikai
Darling Aimei
Slicing Qinna
Minister Sheng said the Lotus Assassins opened the dam to search for something in the ruins of old Tien's Landing. They don't care about the hardship they are causing the town. Sheng gave you a key to the ruins hoping you can close the dam. He also mentioned the reward that Captain Ing promised.
Support styles deal direct damage in Chi Strike mode. To toggle Chi Strike mode, press the *cod7*ChiStrike*cod8* key. All attacks consume Chi while Chi Strike is active.
Seek the mysterious Silk Fox in the Imperial City and learn more about her. Speak with Kang the Mad to fly out of Tien's Landing.
The Path of the Warrior
The Path of the Monk
The Path of the Scholar
Health +50*cod2**cod2*There are those who test themselves with combat, and then there are those who walk the Path of the Warrior. Those who have practiced these ancient techniques--codified over millennia--are possessed of inhuman resilience.
Chi +50*cod2**cod2*The road walked by the monk is one of outward tranquility and inward struggle. A warrior's life is a denial of peace by its very nature, and yet there are those who have found calm in the shifting tides of battle. A collection of ancient techniques, those who understand the Path of the Monk are remarkably adept at channeling their Chi.
Focus +50*cod2**cod2*The heavens smile upon those who pursue knowledge, but the battle also favors he of the quick mind. The Path of the Scholar is a codified--and cross indexed--series of mediations and exercises designed to hone one's thoughts. No opponent inspires more fear than one who not only knows what you will do next, but also possesses the speed to counter your strikes with ease.
Li traps us in our own bodies. Add your strength to mine!
You fools have a use after all? Very well, deflect some of Li's power!
Your stolen power can't hold me. I will fight your influence!
More games, Li? Get your tendrils out of my head!
They strengthen me! You are too quick to abandon your allies!
I don't have to explain to you how useful certain tools are!
Path of Demons
You have done nothing.... I still took your brother.
And I took him back and repaid the favor.
Filter: All Items
Plot Items
Filter: Techniques
Alphabet
It seems the mission was almost a complete failure.
NV: Paid fee using purse
NV: Had Daoshen Shut Down
Return to Gambler Daoshen
Return to Gambler Daoshen in the common room of the Imperial Arena and let him know the good news.
Gambler Daoshen's fee has been paid to Sweet Poison Lyn, and she has agreed to loosen the restrictions on his game.
Thankful for your help, Gambler Daoshen has happily raised the stakes of his game, allowing you to play for larger amounts of silver
Return to Daoshen
Gambler Daoshen can be found in the common room of the Imperial Arena. Go see if the Guild has already taken action in light of your *cod6*evidence.*cod6*
Using the seemingly incriminating winnings purse as proof, you convinced Sweet Poison Lyn that Daoshen had been playing outside his limits. She's decided to shut him down and has offered you a discount as thanks.
Gambler Daoshen should have known better than to trust a complete stranger. After you presented his fee as incriminating evidence that he'd broken the Guild's rules, Daoshen's game has been shut down. For your part in this, Sweet Poison Lyn will give you a discount on all purchases from her store.
Keep Daoshen's money
After persuading Gambler Daoshen to give you his Guild fee up front, you elected to just keep it for yourself. Outraged, Daoshen has cut you off from his game.
Bumblebee
Legendary Strike Style
Thousand Cuts Style
DS Good, SF Good, Sky Evil.
DS Good, SF Evil, Sky Good.
DS Good, SF Evil, Sky Evil.
DS Evil, SF Good, Sky Good.
Explore and try to get your bearings before worrying about larger concerns like dealing with Master Li.
True to her word, the Water Dragon has used her power to restore you to life. You are clearly in the *cod6*real*cod6* Dirge, but something doesn't feel right.
Find the Others
Your followers must be somewhere on the outskirts of Dirge. Find them and seek their assistance.
After sealing the gateway between worlds, you heard the voice of the Water Dragon. Apparently your followers are on their way here, though you're not sure how.
Retire to the Campsite
Dirge still seems to hold some mysteries, if you wish to search through the ancient ruin, now would be a good time. When you are done, return to the camp to get some rest. You'll need it tomorrow.
While you have found your comrades, they bring grim news. Emperor Sun Li has already moved to cut off your escape from Dirge and is sending a massive force to deal with you.
NV: Sky doesn't betray the PC.
Sky has been up to more than he's let on. Entertaining offers of betrayal from the Lotus Assassins is a risky proposition, but it seems his wager has paid off. He knew Death's Hand wouldn't be easily stopped, but his carefully placed charges have eliminated the Lotus Assassins who came with the dark warrior.
NV: Sky DOES betray the PC.
The Lotus Assassins offered Sky a second chance with his daughter, and judging you as little better than those you face, he accepted. The secret passage that saved your life as a babe has now admitted Death's Hand into Dirge's inner sanctum, and it was Sky who held open the door.
Defeat Death's Hand
If you hope to stand any chance against Master Li, you must defeat Death's Hand here at Dirge.
NV: DH released
Prince Kin, the tortured younger brother of your former master, has finally been freed from his imprisonment in Death's Hand. Their leader defeated, the siege force abandoned the assault on Dirge. Only Sun Li remains of the Brothers Sun, but he will prove the strongest of the three.
NV: DH Taken
You have bound the soul of Prince Kin to your will, gaining Death's Hand as an ally. Their leader defeated, the siege force abandoned the assault on Dirge. Only Sun Li remains of the Brothers Sun, but he will prove the strongest of the three.
My... master.
You may choose to arm yourself with a deadly monk staff known as Tien's Justice, or the fabled long sword, Fortune's Favorite.
The graceful monk spade. It is yours if you wish. Are you certain?
Let me hear about the monk spade, Tien's Justice.
I will take Tien's Justice.
Could I exchange for Tien's Justice, the monk spade?
Yes, I will take the monk spade.
Stats
I'll keep what I have. I should go find Dawn Star.
Before I go, I want to exchange my weapon.
There's no time to waste. I need to find Gao.
remained: a traitorous sibling and a hidden protege. We did not know a face or a name, but we knew what they would need.
Leaving your now-burning village, you make your way to Tien's Landing.
Bumblebee!
Buzzzzzzzzz
Defeat all enemies
High Score
I should make use of the training you offer. I may not be back for some time.
Don't waste my time speaking in Tho Fan, Gujin.\n
There are few greater ways to insult a person than a gift of turtle eggs. The difficulty of their acquisition tells the tale of a person willing to put forth a serious effort in their desire to say, *cod6*I hate you.*cod6* This group of eggs is particularly ripe, having been carefully tended to by Henpecked Hou in anticipation of his next anniversary.
Jump to Temple.
Blessing Board
Missions
Dawn Star is Li's child.
Dawn Star isn't Li's child.
Set Dawn Star's status as Li's child.
Dawn Star orphan again.
Dawn Star has a daddy!
Track Down the Fox Spirit
Track down the Forest Shadow and eliminate her.
It's quite clear that the Forest Shadow isn't behind the corruption of the Great Southern Forest, but there's no reason Lord Yun needs to know that. If you can eliminate the fox, it should be a simple matter to collect the wind map to the Imperial City. The only tricky part will be eliminating the Forest Shadow herself.
I have received word that my associate is alive... if not well. He was shot down by imperial flyers while retrieving some... sensitive information.
Fly to the destination on the wind map and destroy anyone who attacks you. Drop off these parts so my associate can repair his ship and return.
The area you will be flying into is private land, and by right, only the Emperor's servants are allowed entrance. But there is a truth there that must be uncovered.
Be careful. These imperial flyers are extremely dangerous. Good luck.
My will cannot be denied!
Style Gained:\n
DS Evil, SF Good, Sky Evil.
DS Evil, SF Evil, Sky Good.
DS Evil, SF Evil, Sky Evil.
Set henchmen alignments.
Death's Hand aquired...*cod6*Blah, blah...Hold her.*cod6*
Bind just Sky.  *cod6*This is not a debate. Hold him.*cod6*
Sky death dissenters,  *cod6*I'll bind you and then kill Sky.
Dire Flame Style
Ice Shard Style
Configuration Already Used
Weapon Style*cod2**cod2*This blade is surprisingly keen and well balanced considering its humble origins. A standard militia blade, it was carried from the abandoned town of Broken Path by Gujin, the guard who would become weapon master of Two Rivers. Since then the blade has been carefully rebalanced, honed and cared for like a treasured heirloom. While it is not inherently magical, the blade seems to never lose its edge. Dawn Star keeps it with her as a reminder of the only place she ever felt she could call home.
I have no time for courtesy. Are you Ren Feng?
You've done it. Chang, my associate, is on his way back. Here... I owe you this and more.
Unequip
No Movies
Dialog Only
Display all subtitles.
Do not show subtitles during movies.
Do not show subtitles for movies or non-interactive dialog.
Do not show subtitles for spoken text (Tho Fan will always have subtitles).
There are no free slots on your amulet.  Unequip something first.
Return to Kang
Bring the Inscrutable Power Source to Kang and his Marvelous Dragonfly will be fully functional.
You searched the ruins and recovered the Inscrutable Power Source that the Lotus Assassins were using.
With the addition of the Inscrutable Power Source, the Marvelous Dragonfly can once again take to the air. It can easily reach the imperial city... with the proper wind map, of course.
Remains
Gate to the Inner Court
Captain's Blade
Weapon Style*cod2**cod2*When a soldier becomes Captain in the Imperial Army, he is awarded one of these masterwork blades. Carefully balanced and made of the keenest steel, these deadly badges of honor are borne only by the best soldiers in the Empire; all except this particular blade, of course. Purloined from her father's armory, this blade has been at Silk Fox's side for many years, and in her hands it moves with deadly precision.
The Twins
Weapon Style*cod2**cod2*Like two old friends who happen to have razor sharp edges, Whirlwind's axes have been with him a long time. According to their engravings, they're called *cod6*Left*cod6* and *cod6*Right,*cod6* though some suspect the names to be little more than a mnemonic. Whirlwind simply thinks of these axes as *cod6*The Twins,*cod6* and considers them his most valuable--and possibly only--possessions. They may lack an epic history, but in Whirlwind's hands they're unquestionably deadly.
I think you are a good friend. I seek nothing else.
I am your friend, Princess. That is all I can be.
We will prevail, Princess. Nothing else matters.
Kang's Health: 10%
Kang's Health: 20%
Kang's Health: 30%
Kang's Health: 40%
Kang's Health: 50%
Kang's Health: 60%
Kang's Health: 70%
Kang's Health: 80%
Kang's Health: 90%
Kang's Health: 100%
Sealed Gate
[The cinnabar reserves of the furnace seem to be expended. You could, however, still add more exotic fuels in a special section of the fuel hopper..]
[You don't seem to have anything on you that would work as a fuel for Lord Lao's furnace.]
[You leave the hopper alone.]
Emperor Sun Hai, ruler of the Jade Empire, stepped beyond his station and slew the Water Dragon... claiming her power for his own. \n
A Spirit Monk child still lived.
If you and the amulet were the key to defeating his brother, he might still claim that power.
Li disappeared with you and the amulet, escaping the Emperor's retribution.
NV: DH Lost
Death's Hand crushed the remnants of his former self, Prince Kin, but destroyed himself in the process. Their leader defeated, the siege force abandoned the assault on Dirge. Only Sun Li remains of the Brothers Sun, but he will prove the strongest of the three.
Cameo
*cod4*/*cod4* Slots Used
Notification of Removal: *cod2*Mechanic Hingoo (*cod6*proprietor*cod6*) remanded into Ministry of Harmony custody for failure to pay debts owed.*cod2**cod2*Pending investigation by Lotus Assassin Inquisitors: proprietor is suspected of crimes dangerous to the security of the Empire, and of unlawful use of airships to those ends. *cod2*Report anyone known to associate with this treasonous scum to the appropriate authorities.
I tried to hold the attackers at bay. Prince Kin, the Emperor's youngest brother, attacked me.
The Emperor ascended unopposed, but already Sun Li and Prince Kin plotted against him.
This will reorder your collection of gems according to their power.
It seems Mechanic Hingoo was serious when he claimed that he was having problems that he truly needed your help with. He seems to be gone, with only an ominous notification from the Ministry of Harmony left to hint at his fate.
It was First Gravedigger Shen who first placed you on the path that would lead you to the tragic tale of the Tanners Fong. Seek him out again in the Necropolis to claim your reward for your efforts.
The Fong family issues dealt with, you concluded your business with First Gravedigger Shen.
Public Notice
*cod7**cod7**cod7**cod9**cod8**cod8* appears to be damaged and cannot be used.  It will be deleted and your Options will reset to the default settings. Press OK to continue.
[After a few moments, something in the mechanism gives way. The wheels abruptly stop spinning and you doubt you will be able to repair them again.]
I tried to hold the attackers at bay.
A spirit monk child still lived.
You cannot modify the amulet while in combat.
Press *cod7*CombatPause*cod8* to pause.
Eye of the Viper
Fang of the Viper
Scale of the Viper
Iron Palm - The Anvil
Iron Palm - The Forge
Iron Palm - The Fire
Collect Eye of Viper, Mind of Viper and Body of Viper to learn Viper Style.
One of three meditation doctrines required to understand the Iron Palm fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to train in this demanding art. The body must become the anvil, the unyielding surface on which the style is shaped. Sweeping attacks and powerful charges impact so heavily it is like the meeting of hammer and steel, each blow conveying as much energy back to the aspirant. If the body can't withstand and redirect this energy, Iron Palm is potentially more damaging to the user than the target.
Ultimate Warrior Gem
Ultimate Monk Gem
Ultimate Scholar Gem
Body +12*cod2**cod2*This ultimate gem provides the greatest bonus to your Body.\n
Spirit +12*cod2**cod2*This ultimate gem provides the greatest bonus to your Spirit.\n
Mind +12*cod2**cod2*This ultimate gem provides the greatest bonus to your Mind.\n
Demon Sword
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +50% Damage Over Basic Sword Style*cod2**cod2*As an artifact weapon, the Demon Sword will replace less powerful swords when found.*cod2**cod2*Little is known about the demon sword. It requires a powerful mind to control it, but it's damage is greater than any single sword.
Rhino Demon
Tentacle Demon
Demon Staff
Weapon Style, Artifact Weapon*cod2*Drains Focus, +50% Damage Over Basic Staff Style*cod2**cod2*As an artifact weapon, the Demon Staff will replace less powerful staffs when found.*cod2**cod2*Little is known about the demon staff. A weak mind will not be able to control it for long, but the weilder of this staff will do more damage than with any other staff.
Adapter
Resolution
Bit Depth
Soft Shadows
Brightness...
Anti-aliasing
Bloom Lighting
Frame Buffer Effects
Focus Trails
Hard
View the map legend.
View map of your current area.
View entire world map.
Enable Reverb
Enables environmental reverb effects.
Move map cursor over icons to view icon description.
World
Area
You can not undo this upgrade level.
Press ENTER to undo this upgrade level.
You can not purchase this upgrade level.
Press ENTER to purchase this upgrade level.
Return to the previous screen.
Cancel the remap that is in progress.
Select a quick slot to map the selected style to.
Press ENTER to assign this style to the selected quick slot.
Press ENTER to map this style to a quick slot.
Select a style to map to the select quick slot.
Press ENTER to assign the selected style to this quick slot.
Press ENTER to map a style to this quick slot.
Unassigned
Exit current screen.
Launch game.
Hear the message.
Return to previous menu.
This screen allows you to load a saved game.
Select one of your saved games to load.
Load your most recently saved game.
View your character's conversation skills.
View your characters techniques and flyer upgrades.
View your gameplay statistics.
Level up your character.
This screen shows character attributes and skills.
Use Left/Right arrows to change the selected attribute.
You must assign all of your points before you can continue.
Accept these attribute changes and continue.
Automatically assign points so all attribute are balanced.
Abort changes and return to the previous screen.
Cancel these attribute changes and return to character screen.
Load the selected game.
Delete the selected game.
Return to the main menu.
640 x 480
*cod14* Bits Per Pixel
Full Screen
Windowed
Accept the current settings.
Restore the default settings.
Cancel your changes and return to previous screen.
Left/Right to select which video card the game should use.
Left/Right to change screen resolution.
Left/Right to change color detail.
Left/Right to choose to run in a window or not.
Click/ENTER to change the brightness of the game.
Select the two combat styles your character will begin the game with. The Heavenly Wave style is required, so you must select one of the martial styles from the list to finish customizing your character.*cod2**cod2*Mouse Control: Click on a style name to view a description of that style in this box. To select a style for your character to use, you can click the icon next to the style name or you can double click the name. A check mark should appear showing that it is selected. You can click the icon of another style or double click the name to change your selection.*cod2**cod2*Keyboard Control: Use the arrow keys to highlight different styles and press ENTER to select the style. Use the MOUSEWHEEL to scroll this box. You can press the ESC key to return to the previous screen.*cod2**cod2*Gamepad Control: Use the left analog stick or DPAD to highlight different styles and press the ATTACK button to select the highlighted style.
Accept the selected combat styles.
You must select two combat styles. [Double-click the name or click on the icon]
Display complete help text for this screen in the text box.
Click to select this style.
Click to unselect this style.
Adjust the selected ability with left/right arrows or mouse wheel.
You must first assign all of your available points.
Accept these character ability settings.
Abort character customization and return to character select screen.
Select option.
This screen allows change options.
nothing
Accept these settings.
Reset to default values.
Use left/right arrows to change the difficulty.
Default settings.
Use left/right arrows to change this setting.
Keyboard/Mouse Configuration
No Joystick Connected! Please restart Jade Empire.
Press the button you would like mapped to this action
Reverse the save game order.
This screen allows you to save a game.
Save the current game.
Select a game.
Accept this character and start the game.
Return back to the character select screen.
Change Quest Filter.
Review history of dialogue.
View plot items.
Exit back to game.
Spend style points to upgrade your styles.
View information about the selected style.
Remap styles to your hot keys.
Equip a gem.
View character statistics.
Select a gem.
This screen allows you to equip gems.
Use left/right arrows or mouse wheel to change character.
Customize this characters abilities and combat styles.
Block Button
Both
Custom
Double Tap
Help
Launch
Invert Mouse Y
Mouse Sensitivity X
Mouse Sensitivity Y
Evade Method
Camera Delay
Inverts the direction in which the camera responds when moving up and down
Adjusts the sensitivity of the mouse
Adjusts the sensitivity of the joystick/controller
Switch between using double tap and the block button to evade
Adjusts the looseness of the camera when following the player
Customize keyboard/mouse control mappings.
Customize controller mappings.
Press the attack button to close.
The player has found one of the three scrolls of the Iron Palm style. The scroll is part of a powerful technique.
In gratitude for freeing her, Fuyao has given the player an Iron Palm scroll. Find the remaining scrolls to learn the Iron Palm style.
One of three meditation doctines required to understand the Iron Palm fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to train in this demanding art. The aspirant must embody the forge, the structure that focuses the fire and reveals the potential of the anvil. Self-control must balance the long powerful strikes of Iron Palm, or its movements can overwhelm and leave a lesser aspirant prostrate before an enemy.
The final Iron Palm scroll has been found and you have learned the Iron Palm style. The Viper scroll has lost its powers and has turned to dust.
One of three meditation doctrines required to understand the Iron Palm fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to train in this demanding art. The aspirant must channel the fire, an unwavering commitment of intent. Intensity is the heart of Iron Palm and the raw energy behind its unrelenting attacks. Any aspirant can mimic the style, but without passion the movements will lack true power.
The player has found one of the three scrolls for the Viper style. The scroll is part of a powerful gem that previously contained both the Iron Palm and Viper style, which split as these two styles can never function in harmony.
One of three meditation doctrines required to withstand the physiological demands of training the Viper fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to learn this unforgiving art. Viper corrupts the user's chi to achieve a toxic effect in an opponent, but if applied incorrectly it is more dangerous to the attacker. The aspirant must train to see nerve clusters, not impact points. Hardened muscle can resist and reflect poisoned energy, leaving the untrained with an imbalance that can be fatal.
You have received a Viper scroll. Find the remaining scrolls to learn Viper style.
One of three meditiation doctrines required to withstand the physiological demands of training the Viper fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to learn this unforgiving art. This style creates an imbalance in the wielder, corrupting otherwise beneficial energy into a toxis tough that burns from the inside. To become the fang, the aspirant must embrace the corruption. To poison others, it is necessary to poison yourself.
The final Viper scroll has been found and you have learned the Viper style. The Iron Palm scrolls have lost their power and have turned to dust.
One of three meditation doctrines required to withstand the physiological demands of training the Viper fighting style. The aspirant must possess and study all three before he or she can safely attempt to learn this unforgiving art. A warrior's honor is a shield, but also a hindrance. The aspirant is best served by equating honor with the scale, protection that is cast off when it is no longer useful. Viper is not for those who hide behind platitudes. It is vicious, and makes no apology.
Martial styles do not always access the energies of mind and body harmoniously. Sometimes imbalance is the source of their power, as it is with Iron Palm and Viper. Each requires possession of three meditation scrolls that prepare the student for the forces that will be encountered. If these disciplines are attempted without complete understanding, the student risks accessing more power than the body can withstand. Knowledge of Iron Palm and Viper is not often shared, as most martial practicioners consider them to be in opposition to classical teaching. If a student happens upon one of the scrolls detailing these styles, he or she cannot and should not attempt to train in the style until gaining the possession of all three. The most difficult and humbling step of any journey is the acceptance of one's own limitations and confronting whether the journey is possible at all.
Martial Styles
The player has found one of the three scrolls of the Viper style. The scroll is part of a set of scrolls that used to contain both the Iron Palm and Viper style. The scrolls were seperated, as these two styles can never function in harmony.
The Hunt of the Viper
The Hunt for Viper
The final Viper scroll has been found and you have learned the Viper Style. The Iron Palm scrolls have lost their power and have turned to dust.
The player has found all three of the Viper scrolls and learned the Viper style.
The Quest for Iron Palm
The final Iron Palm scroll has been found and you have learned the Iron Palm style. The Viper scrolls have lost their power and have turned to dust.
The player has found all three of the Iron Palm scrolls and learned the Iron Palm style.
Jade Master
Play through the game to unlock Jade Master level.
Scroll Box
Aspect Ratio
Choose between Normal or Widescreen resolutions.
Normal
Widescreen
Dialog
Buy
Soft
Enable soft shadows.
Set level of full screen antialiasing.
Enable bloom lighting effect.
Enable full-screen effects.
Enable motion trails in focus mode.
The Quest was a Failure
The Iron Palm scrolls have lost their power and have turned to dust.
The Hunt was a Failure
The Viper scrolls have lost their power and have turned to dust.
Are you sure you want to cancel the changes you have made?
Ghost Lord
*cod6*To fight without thought is suicide. The path to victory is laid out one step at a time, each ahead of your opponent's.*cod6**cod2*-Sagacious Tien*cod2**cod2*Harmonic combinations demand the use of two styles in rapid succession. The first must be of the class called Support, the second from the class known as Martial. Timing is the key: begin with a focused disabling effect, and follow quickly with a powerful barehanded blow. The two actions working in concert will create a harmonic channel in your chi and wreak havoc upon your foe. You must be swift, as the window to create the harmony is limited. Disable your foe, close swiftly as you change style, and strike with all available force. Let nothing stand in your way, but beware. Opponents of great strength may possess the training to resist this technique. Thought will guide you to victory. Harmonic combinations will ensure the journey is swift.
Harmonic Combinations
The player has received one of the Iron Palm scrolls. Find the remaining scrolls to learn this powerful technique.
Transformation Style*cod2*Removes negative effects (such as slow or paralysis)*cod2*Drains Chi*cod2**cod2*Rhino demons are some of the most powerful demons out there, but they are limited by their slower movement due to their large size. A warrior using this style takes the grand form of a walking Rhino demon, complete with the demon's rhino horn and huge arms. The Rhino demon has a very effective area clear attack. This form also makes the martial artist immune to all Support styles, just like the Rhino demon itself.\n
Are you sure you want to quit?
Each attack in this style consumes no Focus.
Load an existing character into a Jade Master campaign.
Load character from this save into a Jade Master game.
Load the selected character into a Jade Master campaign.
Return to character select screen for a new campaign.
View detailed statistics about the selected character.
This screen allows you to change game difficulty.
This screen allows you to change the game options.
Sell the selected item.
Purchase the selected item.
Back to sell.
Buy items from the store.
Sell items to the store.
View quests and plot items.
Clear name.
Default name.
Generate random name.
Choose characters name.
Change follower's tactics to attack.
Change follower's tactics to support.
Change follower.
Overview map.
The selected save file appears to be corrupt and can not be used.
Alignment: Open Palm (*cod12*)
Alignment: Closed Fist (*cod12*)
Alignment: Neutral (*cod12*)
Silver: *cod13*
You are now playing a Jade Master campaign. The difficulty level can not be changed.
To begin a Jade Master campaign, select New Game from the Main Menu and click the Master button on the Character Selection screen.
You cannot change the difficulty settings when you are in Jade Master Difficulty.
You cannot change to Jade Master Difficulty from this screen. You must begin a new game to play a Jade Master campaign.
You cannot play in Jade Master Difficulty until you have completed the game.
-
ESC
0
MINUS
EQUAL
BACK
TAB
Q
W
E
T
Y
U
I
O
P
LBRACE
RBRACE
ENTER
LCTRL
A
S
D
F
G
H
J
K
SEMICOLON
APSTRPHE
TILDE
LSHIFT
BACKSLASH
Z
X
C
V
B
N
M
COMMA
PERIOD
SLASH
RSHIFT
NUM STAR
LALT
SPACE
CAPSLOCK
F1
F2
F3
F4
F5
F6
F7
F8
F9
F10
NUMLOCK
SCROLL
NUM 7
NUM 8
NUM 9
NUM MINUS
NUM 4
NUM 5
NUM 6
NUM PLUS
NUM 1
NUM 2
NUM 3
NUM 0
NUM DEC
.54.
.55.
OEM_102
F11
F12
.59.
.5A.
.5B.
.5C.
.5D.
.5E.
.5F.
.60
.61.
.62.
.63.
F13
F14
F15
.67.
.68
.69.
.6A.
.6B.
.6C.
.6D.
.6E.
.6F.
KANA
.71.
.72.
ABNT_C1
.74.
.75.
.76.
.77.
.78.
CONVERT
.7A.
NOCONVERT
.7C.
YEN
ABNT_C2
.7F.
.80.
.81.
.82.
.83.
.84.
.85.
.86.
.87.
.88.
.89.
.8A.
.8B.
.8C.
NUM EQ
.8E.
.8F.
PREVTRK
AT
COLON
UNDERLINE
KANJI
STOP
AX
UNLABELED
.98.
NEXTTRK
.9A.
.9B.
NUM ENTER
RCTRL
.9E.
.9F.
MUTE
CALC
PLAYPAUSE
.A3.
MEDIASTOP
.A5.
.A6.
.A7.
.A8.
.A9.
.AA.
.AB.
.AC.
.AD.
VOLDOWN
.AF.
VOLUMEUP
.B1.
WEBHOME
NUM COMMA
.B4.
NUM SLASH
.B6.
PRNTSCR
RALT
.B9.
.BA.
.BB.
.BC.
.BD.
.BE.
.BF.
.C0.
.C1.
.C2.
.C3.
.C4.
PAUSE
.C6.
HOME
UP
PGUP
.CA.
LEFT
.CC.
RIGHT
.CE.
END
DOWN
PGDOWN
INS
DEL
.D4.
.D5.
.D6.
.D7.
.D8.
.D9.
.DA.
LWIN
RWIN
APPS
POWER
SLEEP
.E0.
.E1.
.E2.
WAKE
.E4.
WEBSEARCH
WEBFAV
WEBREF
WEBSTOP
WEBFWD
WEBBACK
MYCOMPUTER
MAIL
MEDIASLCT
.EE.
.EF.
.F0.
.F1.
.F2.
.F3.
.F4.
.F5.
.F6.
.F7.
.F8.
.F9.
.FA.
.FB.
.FC.
.FD.
.FE.
.FF.
MOUSE1
MOUSE2
MOUSE3
MOUSE4
MOUSE5
MOUSE6
MOUSE7
MOUSE8
MWHEELUP
MWHEELDOWN
Mouse Sensitivity
Controller Sensitivity
Strafe Backwards
Forward
Backward
Strafe Left
Strafe Right
Strong Attack
Prev. Target
Next Target
Combat Pause
Free Look
No Target
Camera Up
Camera Down
Camera Left
Camera Right
Fight Style 1
Fight Style 2
Fight Style 3
Fight Style 4
Fight Style 5
Fight Style 6
Fight Style 7
Fight Style 8
Fight Style 9
Fight Style 10
Run/Walk
Menu Left
Menu Right
Screenshot
Print Screen
Henchman Screen
Journal Screen
Map Display
Quick Load
Quick Save
Shell
Config1
Config2
Left StickX
Left StickY
Left StickZ
Right StickX
Right StickY
Right StickZ
First Slider
Second Slider
Hat 1
Hat 2
Hat 3
Hat 4
Button 1
Button 2
Button 3
Button 4
Button 5
Button 6
Button 7
Button 8
Button 9
Button 10
Button 11
Button 12
Button 13
Button 14
Button 15
Button 16
Button 17
Button 18
Button 19
Button 20
Button 21
Button 22
Button 23
Button 24
Button 25
Button 26
Button 27
Button 28
Button 29
Button 30
Button 31
Button 32
Movement L/R
Movement U/D
Look L/R
Look U/D
Credits are currently not viewable due to movies being disabled.
Quick Kill
Congratulations, you have unlocked Jade Master mode! The Master button in the character selection screen when starting a new campaign will now be enabled.
To play this character in Jade Master mode, load the game *cod6**cod5**cod6* from the Jade Master screen.
Select which character you want to play the game with. Click the Accept button below to use that character with their default abilities, or click the Custom button to customize your characters abilities and combat styles. Clicking on the Back button will return you to the main menu.*cod2**cod2*Mouse Control: Mouse over the character name and click the left/right arrows or move the mouse wheel to cycle through the characters. Mouse over this box and click the up/down arrows or use the mouse wheel to scroll the text. Click on a button below to activate that button.*cod2**cod2*Keyboard Control: Press left/right arrow keys while the character name is selected to cycle through characters. Pressing the PGUP and PGDOWN keys will scroll the text in this box. Press up/down buttons to move between the name button on top and the row of buttons along the bottom. Press the ENTER key to activate a button.*cod2**cod2*Gamepad Control: Use the left stick or DPAD to navigate the buttons and cycle characters in the same manner as the keyboard. Press the ATTACK button to activate a button.
Select an action to be bound
Press a keyboard or mouse button you want to be mapped to this action
Press a keyboard button you want to be mapped to this action
The key is now bound to the action
That key could not be bound to that action
*cod5* is already bound to *cod5*, would you like to bind it to *cod5*?
NOKEYFOUND
Press a key or mouse button to be bound to *cod5*
Press a key you want to be bound to this *cod5*
???
Use the arrow keys or the mouse cursor to select a player attribute above. Once an attribute is selected press right to increase it or left to decrease it (to a minimum value of 2). The mouse wheel may also be used to change the number of points assigned to an attribute. When all 4 available points have been assigned you may click the Accept button below to continue customizing your character.*cod2**cod2*When an attribute is selected this box will display a description of that attribute.
This is a Jade Master only save. To load the game in Jade Master mode select New Game from the main menu and click the Master button.
ESC to skip
Are you sure you wish to begin a Jade Master campaign with this character?
Reverse the load game order.
The selected control cannot be rebound.
Hold down a movement key while pressing the block button to evade powerful attacks. Try this now.
You may either double tap the movement keys or hold down a movement key while pressing the block button to evade powerful attacks. Try this now.
Double tap the movement keys to evade powerful attacks. Try this now.
Press left or right to change.
*cod5* or (*cod5* *cod1* *cod5*)
Fight Styles
D-Pad
Cannot change this mapping
Refresh Rate
Change the refresh rate of the monitor.
Hz
Left Button
Right Button
Left Trigger
Right Trigger
Left Stick
Right Stick
Start
MOUSE
T1
T2
T3
T4
Skills
Style Selected
Style 2
Controller Configuration
Action
Button Bound
Mouse over a stat to change it
Secondary
Character Name
Remap
Jade Master Selection
Select a character to load.
Keyboard
Controller
Settings
Reload Game
Style Mappings
Style Key Mappings
Available Styles
Quick Styles
